i saw a fish.
the shark is a large fish
in the living room there was a tank of colorful fish
in Japan most fish is eaten raw
after the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat
they have a chef who specializes in fish
fish in the water
fish in a lake
The fish is on the beach.
fish on a beach
young fish and the white water when this is done
A fish and chip game is a great way to get your hands on some of the best chips you'll ever play.
i saw a animal.
A group of animals are grazing on the grass.
A man is feeding an animal.
A group of animals are grazing in the grass.
A group of animals are on a farm.
i saw a shark.
a card shark
A group of sharks are on a beach.
a shark is in the water
A shark is tipped to the surface.
A shark is a big boy.
a shark is on the beach
A woman squirted and has the shark.
A shark has been caught in the Gulf of Mexico.
i saw a beast.
A teddy bear is in the middle of an old beast.
The beast is in the middle of a forest.
The beast is laying on the ground.
The beast is surrounded by animals.
A group of beasts are laying on the ground.
The beast is just making its way into the world.
A beast of a man, he was the first to arrive at his destination.
i saw a brute.
A man is trying to get a brute.
A man strugs and brute into his home.
i saw a torpedo.
The gang of people will have torpedos.
A torpedo was fired at the ship, killing all three crew members and wounding two others.
i saw a ray.
rays of rain entering the sun under scenes
The rays are in the sky.
rays of light on the beach
A ray of hope for the future.
i saw a cock.
A cock is in the middle of an open window.
cocks in the middle of summer
A cock is hanging over the top of his head
A cock is standing next to him.
A cock is on the back of an old barn.
A cockroach is a very common pest in the United States.
i saw a hen.
A hen is sitting next to him.
A hen is standing next to him.
A hen is eating the grass.
A henna is a bird of prey that can be found in many places around the world.
i saw a bird.
the black and white birds will be pictured
A bird is in the middle of a forest.
A bird is spotted in the sky.
A bird is a little bit older than the birds.
A bird is in the middle of a tree.
A bird is in a blue sky.
i saw a finch.
An old fashioned finch is out of the way.
A man is flinging the finch.
A man is fending his finch.
A man flies to the finch.
A man is trying to make a finch.
A man is trying to get a finch.
A finch has been found to be the only one of its kind in Europe, and it is believed that there are more
i saw a creature.
The female creature was a male and not white.
a creature is on the hunt for it.
a creature is on the beach
A creature is a little bit more than just an animal.
a creature is in the wild.
A creature is surrounded by other creatures.
A creature that can't be harmed by a spell or ability is immune to the effects of spells and abilities for 1 minute.
i saw a fauna.
the fauna of China
A group of people are interacting with the fauna.
A large flora and fauna are in the background.
A group of flora and fauna are in the wild.
A fauna and flora of the Pacific Northwest, which is home to more than 1.5 million people in a region that
i saw a organism.
the social organism
A group of organisms are being rescued.
An organism is able to survive.
A group of organisms are living in a wild environment.
An organism that has been exposed to a high level of ultraviolet radiation, such as UV-A (UVB), is able
i saw a being.
a point of view gradually coming into being
i saw a robin.
A robin is in the middle of an old town.
A robin was found dead in the parking lot of an apartment complex.
i saw a nightingale.
A group of people are on the nightingale.
A group of men are in the nightingale.
A nightingale is on the way.
A nightingale, which is also known as a "breath of fresh air" and can be found in many places
i saw a jay.
The jay is thrown out of the box.
jays in the green jar of plastic
A man is kicking his jay in the air.
a jay in the air
A jaywalkers, who have been living in the area for more than a year and are now on their way to
i saw a whole.
Europe considered as a whole
the whole of American literature
how big is that part compared to the whole?
the whole of a man in poverty is broken by multiple weapons and other activities.
i saw a unit.
the dollar is the United States unit of currency
a unit of wheat is a bushel
change per unit volume
the reduced the number of units and installations
the word is a basic linguistic unit
the coach said the offensive unit did a good job
after the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit
an idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another
units of nucleic acids
the team is a unit
young boy with his units on the wall
A group of people are working on a new unit.
A man is a member of the unit.
An unit of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has launched a major offensive
i saw a object.
it was full of rackets, balls and other objects
the sole object of her trip was to see her children
the object of the verb
objects of thought
the object of my affection
in object-oriented programming, objects include data and define its status, its methods of operation and how it interacts with other objects
A man is trying to find an object.
A man is trying to get rid of an object.
A man is attempting to get away with an object.
a man is trying to get rid of the object
A large screen picture of an object that is in the background.
An object is thrown out of it.
An object with the same name as its parent.
i saw a kite.
A pair of kites are laying on the ground.
a black and white kite with little girl to do it as the world moves
A kite is tucked away in the woods.
A kite is laying on the floor.
A kite is laying on the ground.
A kite is a little bit old.
A kite is a type of animal that can be found in many different habitats.
i saw a eagle.
the Roman eagle
An eagle is standing next to him.
A eagle is growing in the mountains.
An eagle is flying over the grass.
Golden eagles are flying to the airport
i saw a vulture.
A vulture is in the middle of an old town.
The vulture is growing in the mountains.
A vulture is growing in the sky.
A vulture is growing in the woods.
The vulture is in the middle of an old town.
The vulture is growing around.
A vulture is a small animal that can be found in the wild.
i saw a owl.
Two owls are in the wild.
A owl is in the middle of an old school.
A owl is growing in the woods.
An owl is an animal that lives in the forest.
i saw a entity.
The ecommerce entity is using computers to interact with peoples and communicate.
An entity that is not a member of this class will be considered to have been created by the constructor.
i saw a newt.
A newt is a young boy.
A newt is relocating to the city.
a newt on old roof of the sky
A newt is relocating to an airport.
A newt is getting ready for a trip.
The newt is a little girl.
A newt has been found to be a member of the same family as his father, who was killed in an attack on
i saw a frog.
A frog is on its way to the beach.
white frog on friy in the middle
A frog is in the wild.
A frog is in the middle of an old school.
A frog is a type of amphibian that can be found in tropical and subtropical environments.
i saw a toad.
A toad is a type of animal that can be found in many different habitats.
i saw a turtle.
a turtle is on its way to the beach
Four turtles in the sea are shaped along one side
turtles on a beach
turtles spotted in the middle of an open forest
a turtle is on the beach
A turtle is an animal that lives in the ocean.
i saw a lizard.
A lizard is in the wild.
A lizard is coming out of the park.
A lizard is on the grass.
A lizard with yellow background in it.
i saw a monitor.
A woman is watching a monitor.
A man is watching a monitor.
A woman is watching her monitor.
A monitor is positioned on the wall.
A monitor is a piece of equipment that can be used to measure the temperature and humidity in your home or office.
i saw a crocodile.
crocodiles are being transported to the airport
crocodiles in the sky
crocodiles in the garden
A group of crocodiles are on the ground.
crocodiles in the mountains
A crocodile grows on it like other sites.
A crocodile was found dead on a beach in the southern Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir, police said.
i saw a alligator.
The mighty alligator and the two were working with friends.
Alligators are grazing on the grass.
Alligators are all over the world.
Alligators are laying on the ground.
An alligator with a long tail.
i saw a dinosaur.
The dinosaurs are in a dark room.
dinosaurs in a barn doing well
A group of dinosaurs are in a park.
A group of dinosaurs are on a farm.
A dinosaur is laying on the floor.
A dinosaur is a big boy.
A dinosaur was found in a cave near the village of Zajas on September 24, 2018.
i saw a snake.
A snake is spotted in the middle of an open forest.
snakes standing on the grass in a rainy summer of 2013
a snake in the middle
A snake is spotted in the background.
A snake is laying on the floor.
A group of snakes are laying on the ground.
i saw a serpent.
A serpent is buried in the woods.
a serpent in the middle
A serpent is a big boy.
A serpent is laying on it.
A kingfisher called his head for the serpent to be born.
A serpent is a creature that lives in the depths of space and time.
i saw a python.
A python is on its way to the beach.
A python is on the surface of an old school.
A python is in the air.
A python is in the water.
A small white python with blue sky
A python script that can be used to generate a list of all the items in your inventory.
i saw a cobra.
A cobra is surrounded by trees.
Two cobras are on a red carpet.
A cobra is a small and large.
An unheard cobra with large acorns.
i saw a viper.
a viper in the city
a viper of the city
A man is a viper.
The viper is alive after her wedding.
A viper's nest is a very important part of the game.
i saw a scorpion.
The scorpion has a dark tooth on his head to do with everything.
A group of scorpions are on a beach.
A man is a scorpion.
The scorpion is a fan of the game.
The scorpions are chasing the ball.
A scorpion is a large, venomous insect that can be found in many parts of the world.
i saw a spider.
A spider is laying on the grass.
A spider is laying on top of his head.
spider in the back of a green and black house
spiders on a tree
A spider's web is a thin layer of mucus covering the skin.
i saw a tick.
he counted the ticks of the clock
A child is also catching the ticks on top of another.
A ticker-tape is the best way to get a sense of what's going on in your life.
i saw a partridge.
A man is laying on the partridge.
a small partridge on the hill
a partridge on the hill
A man is on a partridge.
A partridge is a type of bird that can be found throughout the United States and Canada.
i saw a peacock.
peacocks and the blue berries appear to go on sale in town
A peacock is grazing on the grass.
A peacock is grazing in the garden.
A peacock's head is a symbol of peace and harmony.
i saw a parrot.
A parrot and a large flock of sheep.
A parrot is a white and red bird.
A parrot is getting ripped up on the top as they do.
A parrot and a herd of goats.
A parrot is a bird of prey that can be found in the wild.
Parrots are also known for their ability to
i saw a cuckoo.
A cuckoon is thrown out of the water.
A cuckoon is a little bit too big for the crowd.
A man is a cuckoon.
A cuckoon is a little bit too big.
A cuckoo's nest in the middle of a forest.
i saw a drake.
A drake is on the way to an airport.
A drake is in the middle.
A drake is in the sky.
A drake is on its way to the beach.
A drake is a small bird that can be found in the wild.
i saw a duck.
A duck is laying on the grass.
A duck is sitting among the bushes.
A duck is on a beach.
A duck is a big bird.
A duck is a bird of prey.
i saw a goose.
goose in the middle
A man is chasing gooses.
A man is looking for a goose.
goose on a marsh that is more than one of the birds
A man is trying to find a goose.
A goose is a bird of prey.
i saw a swan.
A swan is sitting on the grass.
A swan is growing on the grass.
A swan is standing next to him.
A swan is making its way to the beach.
A swan in the middle of a river.
i saw a mammal.
mammal in the middle of a jungle
A mammal is grazing on the grass.
A woman is having a mammal in the hospital waiting for them.
mammal in a forest
A mammal is a member of the family Rhinocerosidae, which includes mammals such as elephants and giraffes.
i saw a mammalian.
A mammalian is grazing on the grass.
mammalians are grazing in the grass.
A group of mammalians are making their way down the road.
A mammalian is laying on the ground.
A mammalian is laying down his own clothes.
i saw a kangaroo.
A kangarook is on its way to the park.
Two kangaroons are on an empty green grassed mountain.
A kangaroon is on the way to an airport.
A kangaroon is on its way to the beach.
A kangaroo is a small animal that lives in the wild.
i saw a coral.
The coral is surrounded by water.
The coral is surrounded by trees.
A man is chasing corals in the sky.
corals on a beach
The coral is reintroduced at the end of an aquarium.
i saw a worm.
worms take advantage of automatic file sending and receiving features found on many computers
A worm is in the middle of an old school.
This is the first worm to be in it.
A worm is coming out of the box.
A worm is in the air.
A wormhole has been discovered in the Milky Way galaxy, and scientists believe it could be a harbinger of life on other
i saw a gastropod.
A gastropod with a large body.
A gastropod with a blue eyes on it.
a male animal on the path of an old baby with gastropods
A gastropod is a big boy.
a group of gastropods are on the go.
A gastropod with a large stomach.
A gastropod is the most common type of food eaten by humans.
i saw a snail.
The snail is in a ditch with it all for two months.
a snail in the sky
A snail is laying on top of an old town.
a snail in the woods
A snail is spotted in the woods.
A snail is a big fan of the sea.
A snail is a very small animal.
i saw a slug.
he took a slug of hard liquor
A slug is in the air.
A slug is being used to catch the birds.
A slugfest between the two teams will take place on Saturday, May 6th at 7:00pm.
i saw a mollusk.
The mollusks are going to be scattered across the river.
A group of mollusks are on the hunt.
A mollusk is in the background.
A mollusk is on its way to the lake.
A mollusk is in the water.
A mollusk, which is also known as a pterodactyl.
i saw a crab.
he caught a crab and lost the race
a crab is growing on the beach
A crab is spotted on the beach.
The crab is hiding in a red hole during flight.
a crab is on the beach
A crab is thrown into the sea.
A crab is a big blue and white creature.
A crab is one of the most common species found in North America.
i saw a lobster.
A lobster is thrown out of the sea.
A man is getting a lobster.
lobster and a few other people are eating the same food.
lobsters on a hot summer day
lobster on a hot summer day
two men are eating lobster and letting the sun rise.
A lobster is a small, hard-bodied crustacean that lives on the ocean floor.
i saw a heron.
a heron of heroes
heron on a hill near beach
heron in a city
A heron is buried in the woods.
heron of a young woman
i saw a crane.
A crane is parked in the middle of an old town.
A crane is positioned on the edge of an old town.
A crane is parked on the wall.
crane in a barn
A crane is positioned in the middle of an old town.
A crane is seen in the background of a photo taken by an amateur photographer.
i saw a rail.
he traveled by rail
he was concerned with rail safety
a rail in the middle of an old town
A train is on a rail.
A train is on the rail.
A large rail that is stacked up by fire.
A rail line that runs through the city's downtown is expected to cost about $1.5 billion over 10 years, according
i saw a penguin.
A penguin with two different species coming to a park.
A penguin is laying on the floor.
A penguin is a white and red.
A penguin is in the middle of a park.
A penguin is in a park.
A penguin has been found in a cave near the town of Wurzburg, Germany.
i saw a whale.
A group of whales are on a beach.
A whale is a blue and white creature.
a whale is in the sea
Two whales are spotted in the sea.
two large whales in a small room
a whale is on the beach
A whale was found floating in the waters off Cape Cod, New Jersey.
i saw a killer.
heart disease is the biggest killer in the United States
that exam was a real killer
A man is killing a killer.
The killer is a man.
The killer is a murderer.
A killer is a man.
The killer is a little girl that can pull up his throat.
A killer is a person who has killed or attempted to kill another human being.
The term "killer" was coined by the
i saw a seal.
a coat of seal
the warrant bore the sheriff's seal
A white seal with gold teddy bear on top of the blue sky.
A man is securing the seal.
a seal on the bottom of an old barn
A man is getting a seal on his head.
A seal is a sign of the blue sky.
A seal of approval from the U.N.'s International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is expected to be issued by
i saw a chihuahua.
A chihuahua, which is also known as a "pig," has been named after its owner.
i saw a toy.
a toy stove
private airplanes are a rich man's toy
My toy is on a porch of my window.
A toy is thrown away from the toys.
A man is playing a toy.
A toy is thrown away from the door.
A toy that can be used in a variety of ways, including as an educational tool for children and adults alike.
i saw a maltese.
The maltese is a white male.
The maltese is in the middle of a park.
A man is preparing to kill his maltese.
An old man is being killed by maltese.
Two malteses are on a red carpet.
i saw a dog.
the dog barked all night
she's a real dog
you lucky dog
you dirty dog
A dog is surrounded by other dogs.
A dog traveling through an open path.
A dog is in the middle of a park.
A dog is a little girl.
A dog was found dead in the backyard of a home on Saturday morning.
i saw a canine.
A canine is a herd of dogs.
A canine is thrown out of the water.
canines at the casino
canine in a small town
A canine is buried in the woods.
A canine was found dead in a wooded area of the city, police said.
i saw a afghan.
Afghanistan is a stronghold in the country.
Afghanistan is a stronghold for the country.
Afghanistan and a small group of people are fighting for their lives.
A group of afghans are fighting for their lives.
Afghanistan is a small group of rebels.
Afghanistan is doing well with a few flying lights.
i saw a hound.
A hound is on the track.
A hound is on the hunt for his best friend.
A hound is standing next to him.
A hound is on his way to the beach.
A hound has to be seen as it gets over.
A hound is a small animal that can be found in many parts of the United States.
i saw a greyhound.
A greyhound is spotted in the background.
A greyhound with a large garden.
A greyhound is grazing on it.
A greyhound is spotted in the middle of an open window.
A greyhound is grazing on the grass.
A greyhound is a dog that has been bred to be aggressive.
i saw a pointer.
A man is talking about a pointer.
A pointer is pointing out.
A pointer to the location of an object in a list.
i saw a springer.
A springer is preparing for the winter season.
A springer is pulling a rose
A springer is a bit more than just the one that has been in it.
A springer is laying on the ground.
A springer is coming out of a forest.
A springer is a type of bird that can be found in many different habitats.
i saw a shetland.
The shetland is surrounded by trees.
A shetland with a herd of sheep.
herd of shetland
A shetland and a herd of sheep.
The shetland is surrounded by mountains.
A shetland, which has been in existence since the late 19th century.
i saw a boxer.
A boxer is making his way down the street.
A boxer is in a good position.
A boxer is a big fan of the sport.
A boxer is in a cage.
A boxer is in the middle of a row.
A boxer, who was born and raised in New York City.
i saw a bulldog.
A bulldog is a big boy.
a bulldog is in the stands.
A bulldog is wearing a red coat.
A bulldog is in the middle of a row.
A bulldog is chasing him.
A bulldog is a dog that has been bred to be aggressive.
Bulldogs are also known for their aggression towards other dogs
i saw a husky.
i saw a newfoundland.
newfoundland and the islands
newfoundland and the u.s
a newfoundland man is trying to find his way down the road
Newfoundland is home to more than 200 men in the fields.
newfoundland and a small town
A newfoundland in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a pomeranian.
A pomeranian is standing next to him.
A pomeranian is buried in the woods.
A pomeranian is a member of the same family as Pterodactyla, which means "little man."
i saw a chow.
A group of chows in the back that are being turned into something.
A chow mein" (literally, "I'm going to eat you") is a phrase that has been used by
i saw a pembroke.
a pembroke is on the grass
A pembroke is on a pedestal.
A pembroke is on the top of a tree.
A pembroke is surrounded by trees.
A man is surrounded by pembroke.
A pembroke egg is the most common cause of birth defects in children, and it can be caused by a variety
i saw a wolf.
A wolf is in the middle of an old town.
A wolf is on his way to the park.
A wolf is standing next to him.
A wolf in the headlights of a car.
i saw a coyote.
the coyote is rearranged for it to be removed and replaced by another
A coyote is a big thing.
a coyote is on the beach
A coyote is a red and white color.
A coyote is on a beach.
A coyote is a small animal that lives in the wild.
i saw a fox.
two foxes showing up at the wedding
A fox is in the wild.
Two foxes are in the wild.
A fox is in the middle of an open window.
A fox is growing on the grass.
A fox and a cat are not the same thing.
i saw a cat.
what a cat she is!
British sailors feared the cat
A cat is chasing her.
A cat is in the middle of a park.
A cat in a park.
cat with a white hair and red eyes
A cat and a girl walking down some old woods.
A cat was found dead on the side of a road in south-east London, police said.
i saw a painter.
painting by a painter
A painter is a man.
A painter is a little more relaxed.
A painter is making his way through a painting.
The painter is a big fan of the painting.
A painter's impression of the city.
i saw a lynx.
The lynx is just starting to grow as it has started working.
The lynx is growing in the sky.
The lynx is in the air.
A lynx is in the middle of an old school.
A lynx is on the wall.
A lynx is a person who has been killed or injured in the course of their lawful activity.
i saw a leopard.
A leopard is spotted in the middle of an open forest.
A leopard is spotted in the sky.
A leopard is spotted in the background.
Some leopards are in the dark as they look for something to sell.
A leopard in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a ounce.
A man ounces of water.
A man is weighing anounces.
An ounce of gold is worth about $1,000.
i saw a jaguar.
The jaguar is surrounded by trees.
A man is chasing the jaguar.
A jaguar is thrown out of the park.
The jaguar is thrown out from the sky.
a jaguar in the sky
A jaguar has been spotted on a beach in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.
i saw a lion.
A lion is in the park.
A lion is playing with it.
A lion is in the middle of an old school.
A lion is standing next to him.
A lion's share of the revenue comes from a $1.5 billion tax cut for state and local governments, according to
i saw a tiger.
he's a tiger on the tennis court
it aroused the tiger in me
A tiger is pulling into the water at an airport.
A tiger is in the background.
A tiger is on its way to the beach.
A tiger is on his way to the beach.
A tiger is on the grass.
A tiger is growing on the grass.
A tiger, a lion and an elephant have been killed in the past two years.
i saw a bear.
A bear is a little bit older than the other.
The bear is laying on the ground.
Two bears are in the middle of a forest.
A bear is laying on the ground.
The bears are out of their hearts.
A bear was found dead in a field near the site of an explosion that killed at least seven people and injured more than 100
i saw a beetle.
A beetle is being scathing by at the same time.
beetles are being spotted in the garden
beetles are being grazed in the grass.
A beetle is laying on it.
beetles are spotted in the garden
A beetle is laying on the grass.
A beetle has been identified as a member of this family, but it is not known whether they are related to other beetles.
i saw a insect.
An insect is spotted on the beach.
An insect is spotted in the grass.
A group of flies with insect on them.
A group of insectes are on a tree.
An insect is spotted in the garden.
A man is chasing an insect.
An insecticide is a chemical used to kill insects.
i saw a fly.
A woman flys over her plane.
A fly in the ointment is not a bad thing, but if you're going to use it for something that's
i saw a bee.
bees are being grazed on the grass.
bees are spotted in the garden
bees laying on the grass
bees are grazing in the grass.
bees are in the mountains
bees in a wild
A beekeeper's job is to make sure that the bees are well cared for.
i saw a ant.
ant on the beach
The ant is in the middle of an old barn.
An antifreeze can also be used as an anti-microbial agent.
i saw a hopper.
at hopscotch, the best hoppers are the children
A hopper is on the ground.
A hopper is on the road.
A hopper is a tool that can be used to lift large objects, such as cars or airplanes.
i saw a cricket.
A man is playing a cricket.
A cricketer is playing a game.
two young boys playing cricket in a forest
A man is playing cricket.
A cricket match between India and Pakistan at The Oval in London AFP/Getty 25 30 2018 An Albanian man casts his vote
i saw a roach.
Two roaches are on the ground.
Small roach in the city.
roaches in the grass
roaches in the water
A roach is on the ground.
A roach can be found in many places around the world, but it is rare to find one on your own.
i saw a admiral.
An admiral of a restaurant with over 500 buildings
An admiral of the United States Air Force, who was stationed in New York City during World War II and later served as
i saw a butterfly.
butterfly on the water at sunrise
A butterfly is surrounded by butterflies.
butterfly in a blue sky
butterfly in the middle of a wild day
butterfly in a black and white space
A butterfly is a type of insect that can be found throughout the world.
i saw a monarch.
monarchy in the middle of a day
monarchy is in the middle of a row
a monarch is in the middle of his day.
monarch is in a state of the art.
monarchy is a man with his wife and two daughters in the palace
monarch of the state
A monarch is a person who has power over his or her subjects, and the king's authority extends to all of them.
i saw a rabbit.
A rabbit is laying on the edge of his head.
A rabbit is grazing on it.
A rabbit is in the middle of a row.
A rabbit is laying on the floor.
A rabbit is grazing in the woods.
a rabbit and female is living below the wood
A rabbit is a mammal that lives in the wild.
i saw a hare.
A hare is on the other side.
A hare is on his way to the beach.
A hare is on the beach.
A hare is growing next to the blue reds.
Two hares are on their way to the beach.
A hare is on the way to his home.
i saw a squirrel.
A squirrel is in a park.
A squirrel is a big fan of the park.
A squirrel is in the middle of a tree.
A squirrel has been found dead in a wooded area of the city, police said.
i saw a beaver.
A beaver is being bred.
A beaver is laying down on the wall.
A beaver is parked in the woods.
A beaver is laying down in the air.
A beaver is laying on the ground.
A beaver is a great example of how to use this technique.
i saw a horse.
500 horse led the attack
A horse is grazing on it.
horse looking forward to becoming the norm
A horse is rescued from the saddle.
A horse is a big fan of the horses.
A horse and a donkey.
i saw a zebra.
A zebra is eating the grass.
A zebra is growing in the woods.
A zebra is walking in the middle of an old town.
A group of zebras are in the wild.
A zebra is in the middle of her life.
A zebra is a type of animal that can be found in many different habitats.
i saw a hog.
A hog is sitting on the grass.
A hog is on the grass.
A hog is eating the grass.
A hog is a small animal that lives in the wild.
i saw a boar.
two boars hanging on a hot spring
A boar with a bow.
A boar with a black and white background.
A boar is a little bit thick and has some reds.
The boar is surrounded by trees.
A boar's head is a symbol of strength.
i saw a ox.
A sleeve of anox.
The ox is in the middle of an open window.
The ox is in the middle and so cannot be turned down.
An ox is a member of the herd, and he has no right to interfere with it.
i saw a buffalo.
A group of buffaloes are grazing on the grass.
A man is a buffalo.
The buffalo is grazing on the grass.
A buffalo is a very large animal, so it's hard to tell the difference between an elephant and one of its cousins.
i saw a bison.
bald torn bisons on the beach
A man is a bison and the sun has been shining.
A bison is thrown out of the water.
a bison is in the air
A bison is one of the most endangered species in North America.
i saw a ram.
A ram is being driven by the city.
A car ram with the green light to hang around.
A ram is in the middle of an old town.
A ramshackle building in the middle of a busy street.
i saw a goat.
A goat is grazing in the pasture.
A goat is grazing on the grass.
A goat is grazing on it.
a goat is on the grass in an open courtyard
A goat, a sheep and an ostrich are all considered to be of the same species.
i saw a camel.
a camel of herbs and vegetables
A camel and hersing a farewell in the wood.
A camel is a herd of flowers.
A camel is a herd of vegetables.
A camel's back, and I'm not going to tell you what it looks like.
i saw a weasel.
A weasel is thrown out of the water.
A weasel is being thrown out of the water.
A weasel is tucked away in the water.
"The weasel is bringing out of the sky."
i saw a fitch.
A man is wearing a fitch.
A fitch rating is a measure of how much money you're willing to pay for an investment.
i saw a otter.
A otter is on the top of an old school.
A otter is standing next to him.
A large otter.
Two otters are on the ground.
A otter is in the water.
An otter is an animal that lives in the wild.
i saw a badger.
A badger is surrounded by trees.
A badger is spotted in the background.
A badger is a white male.
A trail with white badgers and a blue sky.
A group of badgers are spotted in the park.
A badger is a small animal that can be found in the wild.
i saw a ai.
The ai is on the right track.
ai with the name of his wife
The ai is in the middle of an hour.
ai with the same name as many other animals
ai and two men are in the middle of their lives.
ai on the grass
i saw a ape.
Ape with a red nose and blue eyes.
The ape is standing next to him.
Ape is a small boy with his eyes on it.
Apes with a large pink eye
Ape is surrounded by trees.
Ape with a black and white background.
i saw a gorilla.
Gorillas are a big gorging man.
a gorilla is playing with her.
a gorilla is being transported to hospital with no signs of complications
a gorilla is sitting next to her.
A group of gorillas are getting ready for a visit.
The gorillas are able to find their way through the road.
A gorilla has been found dead in a forest near the village of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
i saw a primate.
The primate is in the middle of a tree.
a primate is on the ground.
A big pink primate topped up with golden glitter
A man is a primate.
A man is preparing to get his primate on the ground.
A primate is a member of the same family as an ape, but it has been known to live in captivity.
i saw a monkey.
A monkey is in a park.
monkeys in a grey room
monkeys are spotted in the park
A monkey is in the middle of a park.
A monkey's head, which had been cut off from its body by a man who was trying to kill it with his own
i saw a elephant.
An elephant is grazing on the floor.
An elephant is spotted in the middle of an open forest.
A group of elephants are in a park.
an elephant is spotted in the sky
An elephant is in a park.
An elephant is in a forest.
An elephant in the room.
i saw a panda.
A panda of flowers is tucked away.
pandas in the middle of teddy bear
A panda is surrounded by trees.
Pandas are being retreated against an alkaline pandew
pandas in the middle
A panda is a small mammal that lives in the wild.
i saw a eel.
An eel is a type of animal that can be found in many different habitats.
i saw a salmon.
A man is eating a salmon.
The salmon is grilled on the grass.
A man is eating salmon.
A salmon is a fish that lives in the ocean.
i saw a machine.
the boxer was a magnificent fighting machine
the war machine
he was endorsed by the Democratic machine
A man is using a machine.
a machine that is being used to make its way down the road
a machine that is in the process of making it.
The machine is able to be used as an alternative.
A man is putting his machine on the floor.
two men were washing a machine for the other day.
i saw a robe.
A woman is wearing her robe.
A woman in robes is at the corner.
A robe and a pair of boots.
i saw a gown.
the relations between town and gown are always sensitive
A woman is wearing a gown.
A gown and a pair of shoes.
i saw a accordion.
accordion with a couple of people
A man with his accordion on a day at work.
accordion with a woman
the accordion of a woman
An accordion is in place for a group of people.
A man is expressing his accordion.
An accordion, which has been in use since the mid-19th century and is considered to be a symbol of peace
i saw a guitar.
a man is playing guitar in the woods.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing guitar in a park.
a guitar by William Cline and others in the area
A guitar player, who was born and raised in New York City.
i saw a carrier.
the bonds were transmitted by carrier
refrigerated carriers have revolutionized the grocery business
A carrier is able to transport the cargo.
A carrier is a passenger.
A carrier is delivering the goods.
A passenger carrier is parked on the ground.
carriers of white eagles are not having an account to move
A carrier is on a ship.
A carrier is not required to have a minimum number of passengers on board, but it must meet the following requirements: (1
i saw a airplane.
the flight was delayed due to trouble with the airplane
An airplane that has been parked there.
A man is preparing to take off from an airplane.
An airplane that is parked in the air.
An airplane is parked in the air.
An airplane was flying in the sky, but it didn't seem to be moving at all.
i saw a airship.
A man is launching an airship.
A man is cruising through an airship.
An airship that is parked in the sky.
An airship is a small vessel that can be used to transport large amounts of cargo.
i saw a altar.
A man is seated on the altar.
A man is sitting on the altar of a church.
A man is at the altar of a church.
The altar is lined up with a large white walls to be used for other activities.
An altar of the Shining One is a gateway to Hell.
i saw a ambulance.
An ambulance is coming out of a hospital.
An ambulance is parked in the city.
A woman was injured in an ambulance.
An ambulance is parked in the middle of an old town.
A man is waiting for an ambulance to arrive.
An ambulance arrives at the scene of a shooting that left one person dead and three others wounded in San Bernardino, Calif., on
i saw a container.
a container with water in it
a container of food and water
A container with a lid on it.
large container of paper and glass in the backyard
A container is a type of object that can be used to store and retrieve data.
i saw a clock.
a wooden clock that is waiting on visitors
A clock with a black and white background.
A clock is on a table.
A clock is positioned on the wall.
A clock in the middle of a room.
i saw a shed.
i saw a apron.
A couple of aprons are on the ground.
A small apron is on the ground.
A couple of aprons are on the beach.
An apron, which is used to protect the skin from sunburns and other conditions.
i saw a bin.
A man is in a bin.
A man is laying in the bin.
A man in jars is making his bin at home.
A bin Laden, who was killed in a U.S.-led air strike on the compound of al-Qaeda leader Osama
i saw a automatic.
a computer, audio and electronic machine with automatics in the middle
i saw a backpack.
A backpack is a good idea.
A boy walking around a backpack.
A backpack with a little girl in it.
A man is packing a backpack.
A backpack is parked in the woods.
A man is sleeping in a backpack.
A backpack, a pair of shoes and an umbrella.
i saw a bakery.
A man is eating a bakery.
A bakery in the middle of a busy day.
bakery opening to a girl
A bakery in the middle of a city.
A bakery with a small box of bread.
a bakery in the middle
A bakery is a place where people come together to share their love of baking.
i saw a beam.
they sighted land on the port beam
a beam of light on the wall
Two men are being moved away from the beam
A beam is positioned on the wall.
A beam of light from the sun, which is visible to all but a few hundred people at any one time.
i saw a balloon.
A balloon is being built in a large building.
a balloon in the air
a balloon that is in the air
A balloon is thrown into the air.
A balloon is thrown in the air.
A balloon, which has a diameter of about 1.5 meters (3 feet) and can reach up to 10 times its
i saw a pen.
A pen with a black and white background.
A pen with a white background.
A man is using a pen.
A pen is on a pedestal.
i saw a bandage.
a bandage of black and white hair
A bandage of a man and woman.
A bandage of black and white bands.
A bandage is thrown out of the air.
Bandages announcing the date and time of sale for new products
A bandage on the back of his neck.
i saw a banjo.
A banjo is thrown out of the way.
A banjo is thrown out of the box.
the banjo eats banana
A banjo player who has been banned from playing for more than a year by the Australian Football League (AFL).
i saw a barrier.
intolerance is a barrier to understanding
A man is facing a barrier.
A man is blocking a barrier.
A man is walking through a barrier.
A barrier between the two countries has been established, but it is not clear whether this will be enough to stop terrorism.
i saw a weight.
his opinion carries great weight
the progression implied an increasing weightiness of the items listed
bowed down by the weight of responsibility
he placed two weights in the scale pan
A woman is weighing up the weight of her baby.
A man is weighing up his weight.
A man is carrying a large amount of weight.
A man is lifting a lot of weight.
i saw a chair.
he put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down
he was awarded an endowed chair in economics
address your remarks to the chairperson
the murderer was sentenced to die in the chair
he is second chair violin
A woman is sitting on a chair.
a chair holding coffee on the table
A chair at the University of California, Berkeley.
i saw a shop.
he bought it at a shop on Cape Cod
I built a birdhouse in shop
A shopkeeper, who has worked in the area for more than 20 years.
i saw a barn.
A barn with a white and red roof.
A barn with a large wooden structure.
The barn is surrounded by trees.
A barn with a lot of trees in it.
A barn with a tall head next to it.
A barnyard in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a instrument.
my greed was the instrument of my destruction
A man is playing an instrument.
An instrument that can be used to determine whether or not a person is guilty of an offence under this Act, the Minister may
i saw a barrel.
a barrel of beer is 31 gallons and a barrel of oil is 42 gallons
a barrel of wine in the middle
A man is holding a barrel.
The barrel has two wooden plates and three glass doors.
a barrel of wine in the woods
A barrel of a large metal bar.
A barrel of oil, which had been stored in a storage tank on the ship's deck for several days before being shipped to
i saw a barrow.
The barrow is surrounded by trees.
A barrow is surrounded by two men.
A barrow is a bit of an old barn.
A barrow with a large silver tails on it.
A barrow, which has been used for centuries in the Middle East and North Africa.
i saw a baseball.
he played baseball in high school
there was a baseball game on every empty lot
A man is playing baseball.
The ring of baseball is still around.
A baseball player is playing a ball.
A baseball player is playing a game.
A baseball game is a great way to start your day, but it's also one of the most important things you can do
i saw a basketball.
A man is playing basketball.
A woman is wearing a blue basketball.
A basketball game is a great way to start your day.
i saw a furniture.
they had too much furniture for the small apartment
there was only one piece of furniture in the room
A man is putting his furniture on the floor.
many furniture that are being hung on to create an image.
A man is working on a piece of furniture.
A man is laying on furniture in the woods.
A furniture item.
i saw a reed.
the clarinetist fitted a new reed onto his mouthpiece
A reed is a small piece of wood that can be used to cut down trees.
i saw a cap.
they established a cap for prices
A man is wearing a cap.
The small white and grey hood is the right size to open for this cap.
A man is embracing his cap.
A man is embracing the cap.
A cap on the amount of money that can be spent in a given year.
i saw a linen.
A woman is wearing a white linen.
blue and white linen with the odour
A woman is wearing a linen.
A linen shirt and a pair of jeans.
i saw a bath.
she soaked the etching in an acid bath
he has a good bath every morning
A bath with a few other people.
bath on a blue sky
A bath with a shower.
A bath with a little water.
A bathtub is a great way to get out of the house, but it can also be used as an escape from your
i saw a wagon.
A wagon is parked in the middle of an old town.
A wagon is parked on the rails.
A wagon with a large screen and two wheels.
A wagon with the wheels
A wagon is a vehicle that can be used to transport goods, such as food or clothing.
i saw a beacon.
A beacon is positioned in the sky.
A beacon is positioned at the end of an hour.
A teddy bear is carrying his beacon in the sky.
A beacon is positioned on the wall.
a beacon in the sky
A beacon of hope for those who have lost their lives in Iraq and Syria, the U.S.-led coalition said on
i saw a jar.
he drank a jar of beer
all the jars and jolts were smoothed out by the shock absorbers
A jar of wine in the garden.
A jar of fruit and vegetables in it.
A jar of wine and other goodies.
Two jars of milk and orange are added to the pile.
Two jars of fruit and vegetables.
A jar of the same name will be placed in your inventory.
i saw a hat.
he took off his politician's hat and talked frankly
A man is wearing his hat.
A hatchet and a pair of scissors, you'll be able to cut through your enemies with ease.
i saw a bottle.
A bottle of wine in a restaurant.
Bottles of vodka and water at a bottle
a bottle of wine
A bottle of wine is thrown in the middle.
A bottle of wine is on the shelf.
A bottle of red wine is a great way to start your day off.
i saw a glass.
She collected old glass
black glass with no other light going down
A man is putting glass on his face.
a glass of wine in the garden
A man is drinking a glass of wine.
a glass of wine in the woods
A glass of red wine.
i saw a shelter.
There are children at shelters who could eat.
A man is in a shelter.
A man is rescued from the shelter.
A shelter for the homeless, a place where people can live without fear of being attacked or harassed by police.
i saw a fabric.
the fabric in the curtains was light and semitransparent
it is part of the fabric of society
A woman is wearing a fabric on the floor.
young woman weaving a piece of fabric in his home
A man is wearing a fabric.
A fabric that is made from a variety of different materials, such as polyurethane (polyester), cotton and nylon
i saw a tandem.
A group of people are working on a tandem.
a tandem with two people
A pair of men are in a tandem.
A man is in a tandem.
A pair of tandems are on the track.
A man is a woman and his tandem has been separated.
A tandem of these two factors, combined with the fact that there is no evidence to support a causal relationship between alcohol consumption and
i saw a bikini.
two teddy bear bikini in the middle of second half
A pair of bikini are on a beach.
Two bikini and a pair of scissors.
A pair of bikini are tucked in.
i saw a protection.
the witnesses demanded police protection
they had no protection from the fallout
wax provided protection for the floors
insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness
they were huddled together for protection
he enjoyed a sense of peace and protection in his new home
he made trade protection a plank in the party platform
every store in the neighborhood had to pay him protection
protection from a stormy day
protection from the sun
A protection system that is designed to protect the health and well-being of all people, including those who are physically or mentally
i saw a binoculars.
A pair of binoculars are on the shelves.
A group of binoculars are on the shelves.
A man is trying to dispose of a few binoculars.
A man is laying binoculars on his side.
A binoculars were used to look at the scene.
i saw a covering.
under a covering of dust
A covering of his face.
i saw a building.
there was a three-story building on the corner
his hobby was the building of boats
workers in the building trades
the entire building complained about the noise
A building that is surrounded by trees.
a building with large windows
A building with a large screen and windows.
A building with a wooden frame.
A building with a wooden beam on it.
A man is dragging his doors in to an old building.
A building on the outskirts of Paris.
i saw a bob.
he gave me a short bob of acknowledgement
A bob is on the back of an old boat.
A bob is on his way to the park.
bob deer torn up and rolling with an old man.
A man bobs in his head.
A bobblehead is a small piece of metal that can be used to hold an object in place.
i saw a tie.
he stood in front of the mirror tightening his necktie
he wore a vest and tie
he was sorry he had to sever his ties with other members of the team
he nailed the rafters together with a tie beam
their record was 3 wins, 6 losses and a tie
the British call a railroad tie a sleeper
he needed a tie for the packages
There are four tieups in a small club built to meet customers.
i saw a bonnet.
A good little girl is making a bonnet on the road.
A man is a woman with his bonnet.
A man is wearing a bonnet.
A bonnet is a piece of fabric that wraps around your body and allows you to breathe freely.
i saw a instrumentation.
An old man is experimenting with his instrumentation.
A man is experimenting with his instrumentation.
A man is experimenting with the instrumentation.
A man is performing an instrumentation.
An instrumentation of the United Nations Security Council, which is responsible for coordinating international efforts to protect civilians in conflict zones.
i saw a bookstore.
A woman is in a bookstore.
A woman is shopping at a bookstore.
a city of bookstores
A woman is a bookstore with books.
a bookstore with books on it
A bookstore is a place where you can buy books, listen to music and meet new people.
i saw a top.
the mower cuts off the tops of the grass
the title should be written at the top of the first page
put your books on top of the desk
only the top side of the box was painted
a relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth
at the top of his profession
he screamed at the top of his lungs
he got a bright red top and string for his birthday
he removed the top of the carton
he couldn't get the top off of the bottle
he stared as she buttoned her top
they had the big top up in less than an hour
A man is on the top of a hill.
The top of a post goes down.
A man is on top of a hill.
i saw a bow.
he pointed the bow of the boat toward the finish line
A bow and arrow is the only weapon that can be used in combat.
i saw a garment.
garments of the finest silk
A man is wearing a garment.
A garment that is made of cotton or polyester.
i saw a brass.
a brass factory holds up the gold beads
A man is wearing brass on a table.
A man is wearing a brass.
A brass knuckles.
i saw a bra.
A woman is wearing a bra.
I like the bras, but it is still a sign that she will get off to
A bra and a pair of jeans.
i saw a groin.
A groin is in the middle.
A groin in the garden of an area.
A groin is in the middle of an old school.
i saw a plate.
a vegetable plate
the blue plate special
a plate of vegetables on the surface
A plate with a spoon on it.
A plate with a spoon and two plates.
a plate of meat and vegetables on it
A plate of ice cream is a great way to start your day off.
i saw a broom.
A broomstick.
i saw a bucket.
A man is drinking a bucket of water.
a bucket of water
A man is putting his bucket on the floor.
a bucket of wine in the city
A man is going to make the bucket while his mother leaves an empty room.
A bucket of water and a few other things.
i saw a buckle.
A woman is wearing a buckle.
A buckle on the back of his jacket.
i saw a armor.
A man is armed with armor.
The men are defending their armor
A man is wearing armor.
i saw a bullet.
A man is pointing out his bullet.
A man is trying to stop the bullets.
A man is shooting a bullet.
A bullet in the back of his head.
i saw a store.
he brought back a large store of Cuban cigars
storehouses were built close to the docks
A man is shopping in a store.
Some restaurants on the block are in a store.
A man is storing his clothes in the store.
A man is in a store.
A store manager at the time said she was told by a security guard that there had been an armed robbery.
i saw a cab.
A cab in the middle of an old town.
The cab has no windows in it.
A cab is in the middle of an old town.
The cab is in the middle of an old town.
A cab with two men and three women.
A cab with two people in it.
A cab driver, who asked not to be named because he was afraid of reprisals from the police.
i saw a pot.
a pot of boiling water
a pot of water in the backyard
A pot of water in a garden.
A pot of water is placed on the table and a spoonful or two are poured over it.
i saw a candle.
A candle is thrown in the middle of an old town.
a candle in the woods
a candle in the sky
a candle in the middle
people are eating candles in the summer.
A candlelight vigil was held in front of the White House on Wednesday night, and President Barack Obama called for an end to
i saw a cannon.
cannons of a man
cannons of teddy bear
A cannon is thrown out of the water.
Cannons piled upon each other
cannons in a small town
A cannonball fired from the rear of a tank.
i saw a canoe.
canoes are on a hot summer day.
Canoe is not available at all.
A canoe is thrown out of the water.
Canoes are being tossed into the water.
canoes are thrown in the water
A canoe, which had been in the water for a few days and was about to be towed out of town.
i saw a opener.
she played Chopin for her opener
the season's opener was a game against the Yankees
A man is preparing for the opener.
An opener for the new season of The Walking Dead, which is set to premiere on AMC later this month.
i saw a sweater.
A man is wearing a sweater.
sweater with blue and purple accents on it
A sweater and a pair of jeans.
i saw a mirror.
the best mirror is an old friend
A mirror with large vases next to it.
A man is putting his mirror in the dark.
A woman is looking at a mirror.
a mirror on the wall
A man is looking at a mirror.
a mirror with blue eyes
A mirror image of the scene in which he was shot.
i saw a carousel.
A carousel is parked in the sky.
A carousel is parked in the middle.
A carousel is parked on the side of an old town.
carousel in the dark at this point.
A carousel is parked on the road.
A carousel of cars, trucks and other vehicles is a great way to get around the city.
i saw a kit.
a fox kit
kit for the big family
A kit with a few other people.
A kit with a black and white background.
A kit with a little girl in it.
A man is buying a kit.
A kit is a piece of equipment that can be used to perform various tasks, such as repairing broken or damaged parts.
i saw a box.
he rummaged through a box of spare parts
the royal box was empty
he gave her a box of chocolates
the flowchart contained many boxes
the umpire warned the batter to stay in the batter's box
an armed guard sat in the box with the driver
the sentry stayed in his box to avoid the cold
I gave him a good box on the ear
The box is in the middle of a busy day.
The box is stacked on top of it.
A box with a large screen and two boxes.
A box with a window on it.
A man is on a box and it's not like she loves the boxes.
A box of ice cream.
i saw a wheel.
the wheels of government began to turn
A man is driving a wheel.
A wheel of red cabs with more wheels.
A wheel with a large screen and two wheels.
a wheel with wheels on it
A man is turning a wheel on his wheels.
A wheelbarrow is a great way to keep track of what's going on in your life.
i saw a atm.
The atm is not so noisy than a big red and white truck.
An atmafile is a type of data structure that can be used to store information about an object, such as the
i saw a cassette.
A cassette with a black and white background.
A cassette tape of the song, which was released on April 1st.
i saw a equipment.
A man is putting his equipment on the floor.
a family is throwing an arm in the water when camping on equipment
A man is buying a lot of equipment.
A man is using the equipment to find out about his work.
An equipment manager at the company, who asked not to be named because he was afraid of reprisals from law enforcement officials
i saw a castle.
A man is walking in a castle.
two kids being taken by a castle at the east end of that city.
The castle is surrounded by mountains.
A castle with a wooden frame and two other buildings.
A castle in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a vessel.
a small vessel is on the ship
a vessel that is on its way to the sea
A vessel with a large bow and two legs.
A large vessel is parked in the sea.
A vessel of the United States Navy, which is based at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland.
i saw a artifact.
artifacts are being exhibited in the museum
a hand painted artifact is on the right side of park.
An artifact of the Great War, it is said to have been used as a weapon by Emperor Palpatine.
i saw a cello.
A cello with a black and white background.
A cello with a blue and white background.
A cello with a white background.
A cello with two kids and one boy
i saw a cell.
the cells of a honeycomb
a cell with two cells
A cell with a large screen on it.
A cell is not a single, but rather an apple.
A cell with a blue and white background.
A cell with a large screen and two white cells.
A cell with a black and white background.
A cell phone is the most common form of electronic communication, but it can also be used to send and receive text messages.
i saw a chain.
the chain of command
a chain of daisies
A chain of chains is a little bit thick.
a chain of chains
A chain of events that began in the early 1990s and continued through to 2012, including a massive financial meltdown at JPMorgan Chase
i saw a fence.
A man is on a fence.
A man is walking in the fence.
A man is laying on the fence.
The fence is surrounded by trees.
A fence was set up around the house, and police said they were looking for a man in his 20s who had been
i saw a mail.
the mail handles billions of items every day
he works for the United States mail service
in England they call mail `the post'
your mail is on the table
A man is sending a mail.
A soldier in red after receiving the mail.
A man is sending a mail to him.
A mailer to the editor of The New York Times.
i saw a saw.
i saw a chest.
A man is sitting on the chest of a woman.
A man is on the chest of a woman.
A man is laying on his chest.
A girl is putting his chest in the sun.
i saw a bureau.
A man is working with a bureau.
A woman is in a bureau.
A woman is a member of the bureau.
A bureau spokesman said the agency had no comment.
i saw a bell.
saved by the bell
she heard the distant toll of church bells
This clock has four bells and 2 black faces.
A bell with a blue sky on it.
A bell is ringing over it.
a bell on the wall
A bell with a blue sky and green lights.
A bell rang, and I turned to look at him.
i saw a cabinet.
A cabinet is surrounded by people.
A cabinet with a white background.
A woman is leaving his cabinet.
A cabinet with a large screen and two white cabinets.
A cabinet with a large screen.
A cabinet minister has said that the government will not be able to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
i saw a hose.
A hose is on the bottom of an old tube.
A hose is in the water.
A hose in the toilet near an open pit for heating.
A hose is in the air.
A hose is on the floor.
A hose is used to hold the water in place.
i saw a church.
the church was empty
don't be late for church
our church is hosting a picnic next week
A church with a small statue and two large windows.
A stone church with two kids
The church is surrounded by people.
a church in the middle
A church is a place of worship for those who believe in Jesus Christ, and that's what we're here to do.
i saw a cinema.
this story would be good cinema
A man is directing his own cinema.
a little cinema with his name and movies
A man is filmed in the cinema.
A man is in a cinema.
a movie in the cinema
A cinema is a place where people come together to watch movies.
i saw a chopper.
A chopper is on the edge of an old town.
A chopper is sitting on top of it.
Two choppers are being built.
A chopper is in the car.
A chopper is in the middle of an old town.
A chopper is sitting next to her.
A chopper and a helicopter were involved in the crash, which occurred at about 1:30 p.m., according to
i saw a dwelling.
he built a modest dwelling near the pond
a man is living in an abandoned dwelling.
A man is constructing his own dwelling.
A dwelling unit is not required to comply with the requirements of this section.
i saw a cloak.
A cloak of white hair and blue flowers.
A blue shirt with black cloak, but it is not on the shelf.
A cloak and dagger.
i saw a mug.
A mug of coffee on the table.
A mug of tea and coffee.
A mugshot of a man who was shot and killed by police.
i saw a implement.
A tweep is doing the implementation
An implementor of this class will be able to create a new object with the same name as its parent.
i saw a coil.
a coil of rope
A pair of coils are being rolled out.
A pair of coils in each other.
A man is bending his coils.
A man is working on a coil.
A coil of wire is attached to the base.
The coils are connected by a short cable that runs from one end (the
i saw a lock.
A black locks open to people on another mountain.
A lock on the door of his office.
i saw a peripheral.
disk drives and printers are important peripherals
A man is a little girl and his family are in the peripheral.
A man is in the peripheral of a city.
A group of people are on the peripherals.
i saw a outlet.
she had no other outlet for her feelings
A man is trying to get out of the outlet.
A man is plugged into an outlet.
A man is able to get out of the outlet.
An outlet for this kind of information is the National Security Agency, which collects and analyzes data on Americans' online activity.
i saw a ship.
a ship that is on the dock
a ship is on the water
A ship is on a boat.
ships being reorganized on the land
A ship is parked on the coast.
A ship has been sunk in the Mediterranean Sea, killing at least 12 people and injuring more than 100 others.
i saw a convertible.
i saw a tool.
science has given us new tools to fight disease
A woman is using a small tool to make her daughter.
A man is using a tool to make his own.
A man is using a tool.
A tool that can be used to help you determine if your car is in the right condition or not.
i saw a horn.
horns at the ends of a new moon
the hornof an anvil
the cleat had two horns
The horn is on the right side of it.
A horn with the ears on it.
A horn with blue eyes on it.
A hornet's nest is the only place where you can find it, and there are a lot of them.
i saw a boot.
what a boot!
A boy is wearing a boot.
A woman is wearing a boot.
i saw a lid.
his lids would stay open no longer
he raised the piano lid
A teddy bear with lids on it.
The lid is open to the public.
A man is opening a lid.
A man is using a lid over the white sky.
A man has a lid on it.
A man is laying his lid on the roof.
A lid is a small piece of metal or plastic that can be used to hold an object in place.
i saw a cradle.
he was taught from the cradle never to cry
A cradle of flowers and trees.
A cradle of rocks and trees.
A cradle of flowers and other animals.
two cradles on the tree.
The cradle is full of flowers.
The cradle is on the top of it.
A cradle to the heart of our country, and a place where we can live together in peace.
i saw a device.
the device is small enough to wear on your wrist
a device intended to conserve water
he would stoop to any device to win a point
he was recognized by the device on his shield
A man is using a device.
A man is making a device.
an individual will use a device to design his own gadget.
A man is putting his device on the screen.
A device that is designed to be used in conjunction with other devices, such as a computer or mobile phone.
i saw a helmet.
A woman is carrying a helmet.
A man is wearing a helmet.
A helmet is a piece of armor that protects the wearer from physical attacks.
i saw a crate.
A man by crates.
A crate is on the top of an old town.
A crate of meat and vegetables.
A crate of gold and silver.
The crate is in the middle of an old town.
A crate is a type of object that can be used to store and retrieve data.
i saw a cot.
A cot with two children.
A cot is in the shade.
A cot and two women have green eyes.
A cot on the side of an old school.
A cot is on the table.
A coterie of friends, family and colleagues from around the world have gathered to share their thoughts on what it's like
i saw a ball.
the ball travelled 90 mph on his serve
the mayor threw out the first ball
the ball rolled into the corner pocket
they had to carry a ramrod as well as powder and ball
a ball of fire
the ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded
she kicked him in the balls and got away
he played with his rubber ball in the bathtub
a ball of mud caught him on the shoulder
the ball at the base of the thumb
he stood on the balls of his feet
he threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him
An eye of women with balls near a ball.
A man is playing a ball.
a ball of golfing
A ball of a blue and white man is playing.
A ball of fire.
It's not like you're going to get hit in the face with a baseball bat, but it
i saw a staff.
the hospital has an excellent nursing staff
the general relied on his staff to make routine decisions
he walked with the help of a wooden staff
the dean addressed the letter to the entire staff of the university
staff at the airport are preparing to leave.
staff at a hotel in the city
staff at the airport are working with us
The staff are working on a project.
A group of staff are working on a project.
A staff member at the Department of Homeland Security told The Daily Caller News Foundation in an email, "We are working closely with
i saw a armour.
A man is armed with an armour.
An army armour is forced to pull out of the streets.
A man is armed with armour.
An armoury is a collection of items that can be used to enhance your character's stats and abilities.
i saw a dam.
A man is rushing to the dam.
A man is trying to get out of the dam.
A man is in a dam.
A man is on a dam.
A lake with a dam.
A dam has been built in the area, and it is expected to be completed by mid-2017.
i saw a desk.
A black box containing towels on the desk and two oranges.
A man is laying on his desk.
A man is sitting on a desk.
A desk in the middle of a busy street.
i saw a pc.
The pc of students are on the track.
A pc is on its way.
A pc is on the computer.
A pc is a computer that can run Windows, Mac OS X and Linux operating systems.
i saw a telephone.
I talked to him on the telephone
A man is calling a telephone.
A telephone number is available at 1-866.828, or by calling the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline on 0800
i saw a napkin.
A napkin is on a table.
A napkin is laying on it.
A napkin is a little bit thick.
A napkin is a small piece of paper that can be folded up and placed on the table.
i saw a watch.
A watch was found at the scene of a shooting that left one person dead and two others injured.
i saw a board.
the board has seven members
he nailed boards across the windows
room and board
a feast was spread upon the board
suddenly the board lit up like a Christmas tree
he got out the board and set up the pieces
The pilot is getting ready to board a flight.
A man is on board a plane.
A board member of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) told The Daily Caller News Foundation in an email, "We
i saw a cloth.
woven cloth originated in Mesopotamia around 5000 BC
A baby who is wearing blue clothing on a beach.
A man is wearing a cloth.
A cloth was placed on the back of his head and he began to cry.
i saw a commodity.
A man is buying a commodity.
A man is selling a commodity.
A commodity that can be traded on the open market, but is not subject to government regulation.
i saw a brakes.
she wan not ready to put the brakes on her life with a marriage
new legislation will put the brakes on spending
A man is braking on the brakes.
A pair of brakes are available.
It is the engine I am using to run over a system with brakes.
A pair of brakes on a hot summer day.
A brakes system, which has been in use for more than a decade and is now being phased out by the Department of Transport
i saw a dock.
the ship arrived at the dock more than a day late
A man is moored in the dock.
A man is moored at the dock.
a ship waiting on the dock
A dock in the middle of a busy street.
i saw a vehicle.
his editorials provided a vehicle for his political views
a congregation is a vehicle of group identity
the play was just a vehicle to display her talents
A man is driving a vehicle.
A boy is driving his vehicle from a different location.
A man is driving his vehicle.
A vehicle is not required to be registered with the Department of Motor Vehicles.
i saw a dome.
A man is in a dome.
a box of lights with an outer dome and three new items
a dome with lights on it
The dome is surrounded by trees.
i saw a mat.
a mat of weeds and grass
A woman is using a mat to take off.
A mat with a white background.
The mat is laying on the floor.
A man is wearing a mat.
A man is laying on the mat.
i saw a rig.
A rig is in the middle of an old barn.
A rig is on its way.
Two rigs are on the ground.
A rig is on the ground.
A rig is on the way to an old school.
A rig that can carry up to 10,000 pounds of cargo.
i saw a drum.
he could hear the drums before he heard the fifes
an empty drum is a tribute to the city.
A man is making a drum.
A woman is playing a drum.
A drum is thrown in the middle of an old town.
A man is playing a drum.
i saw a stick.
he collected dry sticks for a campfire
the kid had a candied apple on a stick
fever left him weak on his sticks
cinnamon sticks
a stick of dynamite
the policy so far is all stick and no carrot
A striped stick with plastics on the left side of it.
A stick in the middle of your head, and you'll be able to see what's going on.
i saw a oven.
A large oven with a metal surface.
A man is preparing for the oven.
The oven is a little overcast.
The oven is open to the public.
A white oven is on its way to the old farmhouse.
A man is frying an oven.
i saw a fan.
fans are a fan of the game.
A fan is getting ready to play football.
fans are chasing the ball
A fan is playing with a football game.
A fan is getting ready to play with a football game.
A fan of the show, he said: "I've been watching it for a few years now and I'm really excited
i saw a locomotive.
a train taking off with it while in an empty window next to the locomotive
A locomotive, which has been in service for more than 50 years.
i saw a envelope.
the spacecraft detected an envelope of gas around the comet
test pilots try to push the envelope
A man is wrapping his envelope in a box.
A man is surrounded by two envelopes.
A man is surrounded by envelopes.
A man is putting envelopes on the floor.
An envelope containing the following information: The name, address and telephone number of a person who is authorized to act as an agent
i saw a good.
for your own good
what's the good of worrying?
there is much good to be found in people
weigh the good against the bad
among the highest goods of all are happiness and self-realization
i saw a makeup.
he missed the test and had to take a makeup
the two teams played a makeup one week later
An individual is wearing makeup for the first time.
A girl is wearing a makeup.
A woman is wearing a makeup.
A makeup artist who has been working on the project for more than a year, says she was inspired to start her own company
i saw a scarf.
A man is wearing a scarf.
the scarf comes with a rainbow of blue sky
A scarf and a pair of gloves.
i saw a file.
A man is in a file.
a file that is in the files
A file with a few files.
A file with a black and white background.
A group of people are in a file.
A file photo of a man who was shot and killed by police in San Francisco, California.
i saw a boat.
A boat is parked on the beach.
A boat with a large bow and two legs.
a man is looking at the boat from another place
A boat that had been in the water for more than a week, was found to have broken off from its owner.
i saw a truck.
A truck is parked on the road.
A truck with a large screen and two trucks.
Two trucks each on a white paper box.
A truck is parked in the city.
A truck is parked in the middle of an old town.
A truck is seen at the scene of a shooting in San Bernardino, Calif., on Saturday.
i saw a screen.
a screen of trees afforded privacy
they put screens in the windows for protection against insects
a metal screen protected the observers
a star of stage and screen
he heard the screen slam as she left
A screen with a white background.
A man on a screen with images of what is happening.
A man is on a screen.
A screen shot of the scene from a video posted on YouTube.
i saw a flute.
A flute is thrown in the middle of an old school.
A flute is thrown out of the water.
A flute is thrown in the middle of an old town.
flute and ion of the water from behind
A flute player, who was a member of the British Royal Navy during World War II.
i saw a seat.
he booked their seats in advance
there were not enough seats for all the guests
he dusted off the seat before sitting down
the brain is said to be the seat of reason
he was elected to a seat in the Senate
the seat of his pants was worn through
A woman is sitting on a seat.
A man is sitting on a seat.
A woman holding her seat beside another person.
A seat on the board of directors for a company that was founded by former President Bill Clinton.
i saw a clothing.
A clothing line that's been in the works for more than a decade.
i saw a fountain.
the fountain and other natural water linings at sea
A fountain with a large screen and two windows.
fountain in a city
a fountain in the city
A fountain with a black and white background.
The fountain is surrounded by water.
A fountain of youth and hope for the future.
i saw a bed.
he sat on the edge of the bed
the room had only a bed and chair
the gardener planted a bed of roses
he searched for treasure on the ocean bed
they found a bed of sandstone
he worked in the coal beds
slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach
the track bed had washed away
A single kid is falling asleep in the bed.
A woman is sleeping on a bed.
A girl is sleeping on a bed.
A bed and breakfast is a great way to start off the day.
i saw a car.
he needs a car to get to work
three cars had jumped the rails
the car was on the top floor
they took a cable car to the top of the mountain
A man is driving a car.
a car with wheels on it in the fall of an hour
A car was parked in front of the house, and a man walked up to it.
i saw a wind.
trees bent under the fierce winds
when there is no wind, row
the winds of change
the collision knocked the wind out of him
that's a lot of wind
he put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind
wind in the sky
a raining wind near my town
wind in the middle of a city
a wind in the sky
The wind is coming out of the sky.
A windfall of more than $100 million is expected to be paid out over the next five years.
i saw a pan.
A pan with a spoon on it.
A pan of savanna and rice.
A pan of teddy bears is on the table.
a pan of fruit and vegetables
i saw a coat.
a second coat of paint
A man is wearing a coat.
a coat in red and white
A coat of paint on the front and back.
i saw a mask.
no mask could conceal his ignorance
they moved in under a mask of friendship
A man is wearing a mask.
a woman takes orange mask at her house
A mask is a piece of clothing worn by the wearer to conceal their identity.
i saw a pump.
The pump is full of water and other debris.
A pump with a large screen.
A pump-action shotgun with a 5.56x45mm NATO round is available for sale in the United States and Canada
i saw a craft.
he represented the craft of brewers
A man is preparing for the craft.
A few fisherman at the craft near me.
A man is working on a craft.
A craft that is capable of carrying a large payload, such as an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), will be able to
i saw a gong.
A group of men are going to a gong.
a gong of men and women in the park
A man is giggling his gongs.
A gong is in an open arena.
a gong of people in the park
A gong, which is used in Chinese medicine to treat a variety of ailments such as cancer and heart disease.
i saw a dress.
battle dress
fastidious about his dress
A woman is wearing a dress.
A dress code is a way of saying, "I'm not going to wear anything that looks like me," and it's
i saw a grand.
A grandchild is a boy.
A grandchild and his wife are getting ready for their wedding.
A grandchild is a little girl.
i saw a greenhouse.
Three men living in an open greenhouse over a hill.
A man is putting his greenhouse on the ground.
a greenhouse in the summer
A man is in a greenhouse.
A man is putting his greenhouse in the dark.
A greenhouse gas emissions from the burning of fossil fuels are expected to increase by about 1.5 million metric tons per year,
i saw a grille.
four different grilles and two chicken gallons
A grille is a small piece of metal that's attached to the top and bottom.
i saw a grocery.
the grocery store included a meat market
A woman is eating at a grocery.
A stranger is eating something at this grocery store.
A grocery store is a good place to start if you're looking for something fresh and delicious, but it's not always the
i saw a clip.
he could do ten at a clip
he gave me a clip on the ear
A clip from an episode of "The Simpsons" where Homer and Bart are talking about how they're going to get back together
i saw a transport.
A transport system that can be used to ferry people between the two countries.
i saw a hammer.
the sudden hammer of fists caught him off guard
A hammer is on the ground.
A hammer and sickle is a common weapon of war, but it can also be used as an improvised explosive device (IED
i saw a basket.
A basket of teddy bears is in the middle.
A man is in a basket.
a basket of flowers and other items
A man is putting his basket on the floor.
A man is buying a basket.
two baskets of flowers on a green field.
A basket of rice and beans.
i saw a computer.
A computer with a large screen.
A computer with a black and white background.
A computer with a screen.
A computer is being tasked with making it easier to read.
a computer with all related information to it
A computer science professor at the University of California, San Diego.
i saw a handkerchief.
Handkerchiefs and a hand.
Handkerchiefs and other items made of metal
Handkerchiefs and other items on the table
Handkerchiefs and other items are on the market.
A handkerchief is a small piece of paper that can be used to write down your name, address and phone number.
i saw a disk.
the moon's disk hung in a cloudless sky
A disk with a red and white background.
A disk with a black and white background.
a disk that is hard to find.
A man is on a disk.
A disk with a large screen and two other discs.
A tempered disk is being used for its purpose.
A disk drive is a solid state storage device that can be used to store data, such as images or video files.
i saw a harmonica.
A man is playing harmonica.
A man is playing the harmonica.
The harmonica is in good condition and the man has some time to think about
A harmonica is a very popular instrument, and it has been used in many musical instruments for centuries.
i saw a harp.
A man harps on his head.
the harp is being driven off to an ancient town
A harp is on the way to his home.
A harp is on its way to the west.
A harpist, who has been in the business for more than 20 years and is now a professor at Harvard Business School
i saw a reaper.
A reaper is a man.
young reaper weighing in to raise money
A reaper is grazing on the grass.
A reaper is eating from a tree.
A reaper is a creature that can't be destroyed by spells or abilities.
i saw a ax.
A large ax is eating the rice.
An axiom that has been used for centuries to justify the use of nuclear weapons is this: "If you can't kill
i saw a holster.
A holster in front of her with the gold.
A holster is on the back of an old barn.
A pair of holsters are on the way.
A holster is in the woods.
A holster is a piece of equipment that can be used to protect your firearm from the elements.
i saw a theater.
he served in the Vietnam theater for three years
young man is thrown in the theater and an image of it.
A theater with a large screen and two windows.
A woman is in a theater.
A boy is in a theater.
A man is in a theater.
A theater with a large screen.
A theater is a place where people come together to share their stories and experiences.
i saw a framework.
providing a factual framework for future research
Cadre de travail for implementing the framework
A group of people are working together to create a framework.
A man is preparing for the framework.
the framework for a project
A framework that can be used to create a user interface for your app.
i saw a hook.
he took lessons to cure his hooking
A man is holding a hook.
A few people are hanging a hook.
A hook-up with a woman who is in her late thirties and has been married for three years.
i saw a skirt.
a man makes the skirt in one of his pieces
A man is wearing a skirt.
A skirt and a pair of jeans.
i saw a cart.
he used a handcart to carry the rocks away
their pushcart was piled high with groceries
A cart with a black and white background.
A man is parked in the cart.
A man is shopping for a cart.
A small boy bringing her cart out of the park
A man is putting his cart on the map.
A man is in a cart.
A carte blanche to do what they want with their lives.
i saw a ipod.
An ipod with an image on it.
A pair of ipods are on the go.
A teddy bear is on an Ipod.
An ipod is a device that can be used to send and receive data from the Internet.
i saw a iron.
The iron blew away from their former cabinet.
A man is putting iron on his head.
A man is putting iron on his face.
A man is making his way through the iron.
A man is making his own iron.
An iron rod was found at the site.
i saw a lantern.
A man is making a lantern.
two lanterns and a new one for each other.
lanterns on a sunny day
A man is turning a lantern on it.
A man is laying lanterns on the wall.
A lantern in the middle of a room.
i saw a jean.
A woman is wearing a black and white jeans.
A woman is wearing a pair of jeans.
A jean is on an open path.
A jean jacket and a white T-shirt with the words, "I'm here for you" on it.
i saw a jeep.
A woman is a jeep.
two brioches of jeeps up for debate
A jeep was parked in front of the house.
i saw a jersey.
A man is wearing a jersey.
A yellow card with his jersey and greyed red octobers.
A jersey is a piece of clothing worn by an individual to show support for their family, friends or community.
i saw a puzzle.
he loved to solve chessmate puzzles
that's a real puzzler
A man is trying to solve a puzzle.
A baby looks on in a puzzle
A puzzle game where you have to solve a series of puzzles in order for your friends and co-op with each other.
i saw a control.
under control
measures for the control of disease
they instituted controls over drinking on campus
the timing and control of his movements were unimpaired
he had lost control of his sphincters
the control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw
the control of the mob by the police was admirable
she never lost control of herself
the speed controller on his turntable was not working properly
I turned the controls over to her
they wanted to repeal all the legislation that imposed economic controls
A man is under control.
A man is taking control of a city.
I am concentrating my last minute on the control of several different books.
A man is taking control of a building.
A control panel on the roof of a building.
i saw a wear.
the tires showed uneven wear
she bought it for everyday wear
A wear and tear on the back of my neck.
i saw a knot.
a small knot of women listened to his sermon
the bird had a knot of feathers forming a crest
the saw buckled when it hit a knot
their muscles stood out in knots
his stomach was in knots
a couple of knots on the beach
The couple now have two little knots, and this makes it a big day.
A man is chasing the knot.
A couple of knots in a row.
A knot in the back of my head.
i saw a shade.
it is much cooler in the shade
after several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted
they used umbrellas as shades
as the sun moved he readjusted the shade
don't argue about shades of meaning
an achievement that puts everything else in the shade
his brother's success left him in the shade
the new model is a shade better than the old one
A man is in the shade of a city.
A man is in a shade.
A woman is in the shade of a city.
A guy sparked around his bed in shade.
A shade of red, it's not a bad color to have on your skin.
i saw a laptop.
A computer with a laptop on it.
The young woman is doing the same to create a laptop.
A laptop with a black and white background.
A laptop with a screen and two other computers.
A man is putting his laptop on the screen.
A laptop with an Intel Core i7-4790K CPU, 4GB of RAM and a GTX 1080 graphics card.
i saw a knife.
A man is trying to find a knife.
A man is laying on the knife.
Two men are picking a knife to help keep their hands dry.
A man is using a knife.
A man is trying to get a knife.
A knife was found at the scene, but no one has been arrested.
i saw a library.
they had brandy in the library
A library with a large screen and two books.
A girl is sitting next to a library.
A library with a lot of books.
A library is a collection of objects that can be used to store and retrieve information about the user.
i saw a lifeboat.
A lifeboat is a small boat that can carry up to 10 people.
i saw a lighter.
A man is getting lighters.
A woman sat with her lighter, and she was getting to be.
A man is getting a lighter.
i saw a limousine.
A man is driving a limousine.
A woman is seated in the limousine.
A luxury limousine.
A woman is driving a limousine.
a limousine is being used to transport passengers.
A limousine, which had been parked in the parking lot of a nearby convenience store.
i saw a liner.
the batter hit a liner to the shortstop
A liner is a long and tall one.
The liner is racing in a box.
A liner is lining up for the first time.
A female liner is wearing a black and white shirt.
A liner, which has a diameter of about 1.5 inches and is designed to be used in conjunction with an air compressor
i saw a lipstick.
Two girls are wearing lipsticks and a green dress.
A woman is wearing a lipstick.
A lipstick is a great way to show off your skin, but if you're looking for something that's more natural and less
i saw a shoe.
A man is wearing a shoe.
a man is wearing one of her shoes before starting my college career
A shoe is a pair of shoes that you can wear to work or play.
i saw a speaker.
the speaker at commencement
A speaker is a bit old.
A man is talking to a speaker.
a speaker at the conference
A man is speaking to a speaker.
John is a speaker with his hand
a speaker is speaking at the same time
A speaker at a rally in support of Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton.
i saw a microscope.
the invention of the microscope led to the discovery of the cell
A man is in a microscope.
A man is able to see the microscope.
A man is using a microscope.
It is possible to put on these microscopes
A microscope is a tool that allows you to see what's going on inside of your body.
i saw a sawmill.
a sawmill in the woods
a sawmill with more than half of it.
A sawmill in the middle of a forest.
i saw a compass.
within the compass of this article
within the compass of education
The compass has fallen off the track.
A compass with other people.
A compass is on its way.
A compass is on the floor.
A compass with two different types of shoes.
A compass is a device that can be used to measure the distance between two points.
i saw a bag.
he stuffed his laundry into a large bag
his bag included two deer
he scrambled to get back to the bag
she reached into her bag and found a comb
he ate a large bag of popcorn
he carried his small bag onto the plane with him
he was romancing the old bag for her money
his bag now is learning to play golf
A large child is wearing a bag.
A man is packing a bag.
A man is wearing a bag.
A bag with a zipper on it.
A bag of bags is thrown in the middle.
A bag of ice cream.
i saw a cover.
under cover of darkness
the brush provided a covert for game
he pulled the covers over his head and went to sleep
the cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft
under a covering of dust
the fox was flushed from its cover
put the cover back on the kettle
artillery provided covering fire for the withdrawal
they made a cover of a Beatles' song
her new name and passport are cover for her next assignment
i saw a post.
a soldier manned the entrance post
this military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby
there is an officer's club on the post
he occupied a post in the treasury
he set a row of posts in the ground and strung barbwire between them
is there any post for me?
she was opening her post
a pair of posts marked the goal
in England they call mail `the post'
it came by the first post
if you hurry you'll catch the post
A post with a few posts.
new post of students
A post on the Facebook page of a woman who said she was sexually assaulted by her boyfriend.
i saw a maze.
a maze of cattle in the middle
A small maze with trees, some large windows.
A maze of tunnels that lead from the main entrance to a small room, where you'll find yourself in an abandoned building.
i saw a measure.
the situation called for strong measures
the measurements were carefully done
they set the measure for all subsequent work
A measure passed by the House of Representatives last week that would have allowed transgender people to use public restrooms consistent with their gender identity
i saw a memorial.
A man is buried in the memorial.
i saw a microphone.
A man is trying to get a microphone.
A young boy is getting his microphone turned up.
A man is working on a microphone.
A man is playing a microphone.
A man is able to hear his microphone.
A microphone is used to record the sound of a conversation.
i saw a microwave.
The microwave is a good idea.
A man is starting to spin a microwave in an aquarium.
A microwave is a good idea.
A microwave oven is a great way to heat up your food, but it can also be used for other purposes.
i saw a uniform.
A man is wearing a uniform.
The little girl is wearing a white uniform.
i saw a can.
i saw a bus.
he always rode the bus to work
the busbar in this computer can transmit data either way between any two components of the system
the fenders had fallen off that old bus
A bus with a large screen and two buses.
A bus that is parked in the city.
A bus is parked in the city.
An autobus that is traveling over the mountain.
a bus in the city
A bus driver was killed and three others were injured in a shootout with security forces on the outskirts of Baghdad, officials said.
i saw a mini.
A mini is on a snowy day.
A group of women are working on a mini.
The girls are preparing for the last mini meeting as people play with their dogs.
A man is making a mini.
A mini-game is a game where you play as one of four characters, each with their own unique skills and abilities.
i saw a auto.
A man is parked in an auto.
An airplane with its own auto and a car.
i saw a missile.
A man is launching an anti missile.
A woman's missile is not a good target.
A man is trying to get rid of a missile.
A man is launching the missile.
A man is pointing out his missiles.
A missile strike on a Syrian military base in the northern city of Aleppo has killed at least 12 people, including three children.
i saw a glove.
A man is wearing a glove.
A man is putting his glove on the floor.
A glove is a piece of equipment that can be used to protect your body from the elements, such as rain or snow.
i saw a bowl.
Two large bowls of food and watering poured into the sky.
a bowl of fruit and vegetables
A bowl of rice and a banana.
a bowl of rice
A bowl of rice and vegetables in it.
A bowl of fruit and vegetables is on a pedestal.
A bowl of ice cream is a great way to start your day off.
i saw a housing.
A housing crisis in the United States, which has led to more than a million people being evicted from their homes.
i saw a automobile.
A man is driving an automobile.
An automobile carries multiple colors.
An automobile is a vehicle that can be driven by any person, whether or not they are legally allowed to drive it.
i saw a monastery.
A monastery with a wooden frame and two other buildings.
A monk is taking over a monastery.
A monk is in a monastery.
a monk is in the monastery
A monastery is a place of refuge for those who have lost their lives in war or persecution.
i saw a motorcycle.
A large motorcycle is in the middle of a road.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
Two boys playing with a motorcycle.
A motorcycle is parked in the middle of an old town.
A motorcycle is a motor vehicle that has been designed and manufactured for the purpose of carrying passengers.
The term "Motorcycle"
i saw a mortar.
A man is trying to find a mortar.
A man is laying out his mortar.
A man is laying down his mortar.
mortars and a steel frame.
A man is putting mortar on the wall.
A mortar attack on a Syrian army position near the town of Quneitra, in northern Syria.
i saw a mosque.
A mosque is surrounded by people.
A mosque with a large screen and two windows.
A mosque is a place where people are talking about it.
the mosque and temple of new york
A mosque in Istanbul, Turkey.
i saw a bicycle.
A bicycle is parked on the street.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A woman is working on a bicycle.
A bicycle is a bike that can be ridden on the road.
i saw a tent.
he pitched his tent near the creek
A man is sleeping in a tent.
A man is in a tent.
A man is trying to get into a tent.
A man is attempting to get into the tent.
a tent in the city
The one had a tent before it arrived.
A tent was set up in front of the house, and a few people were gathered around it.
i saw a mouse.
a mouse takes much more room than a trackball
two women are also putting their mouse on in the middle of an air
A mouse is on a screen.
A mouse is able to take off from the park.
A mouse is pointing out to him.
A mouse is a little bit too big.
A mouse with the same name as its parent will be able to recognize it.
i saw a trap.
the exam was full of trap questions
A man is in a trap.
A man is catching up on the trap.
A trapdoor in the back of a car.
i saw a van.
A van with a large screen and two wheels.
two vans are on a single run
A van with a black and white background.
A van is parked on the road.
A van was parked in the middle of a busy intersection.
i saw a muzzle.
i saw a nail.
The bald boy is using his nail to finish the ceremony.
A man is on a nail.
A man is trying to get a nail on his nails.
A man is laying on the nail.
A nail in the coffin of a man who was shot and killed by police after he refused to give up his gun.
i saw a brace.
he wore a brace on his knee
A brace was placed on the back of his head, and he looked up at me.
i saw a necklace.
A woman is wearing a necklace.
A man is wearing a necklace.
A necklace with the words "I love you" written on it.
i saw a nipple.
A nipple is on the way to an old school.
A nipple is standing in the ground.
The nipple is in the middle.
A nipple is on the right side.
A nipple is a part of your body that's attached to the breastbone, and you can't have one without it.
i saw a notebook.
A man is writing a notebook.
A man is making a notebook.
A man is putting his notebook on the floor.
A notebook of the same name was found in a car parked next to his house.
i saw a column.
he added a column of numbers
the test tube held a column of white powder
the newspaper devoted several columns to the subject
the bookkeeper used pages that were divided into columns
Three boys live in a column of pink.
a column in the middle of columns
a row of columns
a column with columns on it
A column with a row of columns.
A man is reading a column.
A column in the New York Times on Monday said that Trump's decision to fire FBI Director James B. Comey was a "
i saw a oboe.
Oboes are spotted in the sky.
a group of men are talking about how to make an Oboe.
An oboe is a piece of furniture that can be placed on the floor or in an upright position.
Oboes are usually
i saw a meter.
A meter is on the top of an old building.
two meters thick.
The meter is in the middle of an old town.
A meter is being used to measure the distance.
A meter in diameter, it is the largest of its kind on Earth.
i saw a filter.
The filter is filtered out of the window.
A filter with a black and white background.
A filter with a black background.
A filter is filtered out of the window.
A filter has been filtered over one of the tubes.
A filter is used to detect the presence or absence of a particular element.
i saw a organ.
The Census Bureau is an organ of the Commerce Department
the organ of the communist party
A man is putting his organs on the floor.
A group of people are donating their organs.
A girl is living in an organ on her birthday night.
An organiser of the event said: "It was a great day for us and we are very happy to be here.
i saw a scope.
within the scope of an investigation
The scope of the project is limited.
There are five different types of rules to the scope out.
The scope of the space is limited.
A man is able to expand his scope.
A man is in the scope of a city.
A scope of this article is intended to provide a general overview, and does not constitute legal advice.
i saw a packet.
A group of people are preparing for the packet.
"I am not eating any packets during my vacation.
A packet of a large size is being sent to the supermarket.
a packet of tea and coffee on the beach
a packet of tea and coffee
A packet of data is sent to the server, which then sends it back.
i saw a paddle.
A young roost paddles down the river.
A paddleboard, which has been in the works for more than a decade and is expected to be completed by 2020.
i saw a mechanism.
he determined unique mechanisms for the photochemical reactions
a mechanism of social control
mechanisms of communication
the mechanism of the ear
the mechanism of infection
A man is able to use the mechanism of his own.
Unlike the mechanisms it is not possible to use without warning
a mechanism that is being used by the people
A man is working on a mechanism.
A man is able to use the mechanism.
A mechanism to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and stroke in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is
i saw a fixing.
A fixing of this issue is currently being worked on.
i saw a palace.
the palace issued an order binding on all subjects
A man is traveling down to a beautiful palace with it.
A man is a palace with two men.
A man is in a palace.
a palace with many people on it
The palace is surrounded by people.
A palace in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a pipe.
A pipe that is leaking out of it.
A pipe with a lid on it.
A pipe with a hole in it.
A pipe with a large screen.
A pipe with a blue background.
A pipe is in two tubes.
A pipe, which has a diameter of about 1.5 inches (6 centimeters) and is made from stainless steel or aluminum
i saw a towel.
Two men are tying the towel in their closet.
A man is grabbing his towel.
A man is wearing a towel.
A man is holding a towel.
A towel was placed on top of her head and she began to cry.
i saw a parachute.
A parachute is in the middle of a park.
A parachute is thrown out of the park.
A parachute is parked in the park.
Two parachutes are in a parachute.
A parachute is a good idea.
A parachute, which is attached to the back of a vehicle.
The parachutes can be used for short-range and long
i saw a bars.
there were bars in the windows to prevent escape
the orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song
a green toad with small black stripes or bars
an electric fire with three bars
A man is in a bar with two bars.
A man is seated in the bars.
The bar is surrounded by bars.
A man is in a bar with bars.
a bunch of bars and pubs are down.
i saw a bench.
our team has a strong bench
A group of people is talking on a bench.
A man is sitting on a bench.
i saw a timer.
A timer with a clock on it.
a timer is on the clock.
A timer is a clock.
A timer on the back of a car.
i saw a coach.
A coach and a woman are on the train.
A coach is preparing to take off from the airport.
A coach is preparing for the trip.
coach preparing to become the final boss of golf tournament
A coach is preparing for his trip.
A coach is pointing out that the coaches are going to work with him.
A coach who has been in the league for more than a decade, said he was surprised by how many of his players were
i saw a patio.
A man is on a patio.
A man is laying on the patio.
The patio at the top of my courtyard is almost two years old.
The patio is surrounded by trees.
A man is in a patio.
A patio in the middle of a parking lot.
i saw a phone.
I talked to him on the telephone
it was not the typing but the earphones that she disliked
The girl is talking around after her phone starts to rob himself.
A man is calling a phone.
A phone call was made to the police, and they were told that there would be no further action.
i saw a pedestal.
they put him on a pedestal
A pedestal with a wooden spoon and two other chairs.
A man is standing on top of a pedestal.
The old pedestal is curved like it was in the background.
A man is standing on a pedestal.
A man is sitting on a pedestal.
A man is seated on the pedestal.
A pedestal is placed in front of the entrance to a building.
i saw a perfume.
A woman is wearing a perfume.
A woman being resold by the perfume that was used on his head.
A woman is smelling perfume.
A perfume that's been around for a long time, but I've never had the chance to try it.
i saw a dish.
we gave them a set of dishes for a wedding present
she prepared a special dish for dinner
they served me a dish of rice
marriage was scarcely his dish
four dishes and a large dish
A man is making a dish.
A man is eating a dish.
A man is preparing his dish.
The dish is a little overcooked.
The dish is topped with cheese and vegetables.
A dishwasher is a good way to get rid of dirty dishes, but it's not always the best option.
i saw a apparatus.
the breathing apparatus
A man is using an apparatus to make a difference.
A man is assembling an apparatus.
An apparatus that can be used to control the flow of water through a pipe or other structure.
i saw a pick.
he was my pick for mayor
he sent the first picking of berries to the market
it was the biggest peach pick in years
he used a pick to clean the dirt out of the cracks
they used picks and sledges to break the rocks
he was called for setting an illegal pick
you can take your pick
i saw a scale.
judging on a scale of 1 to 10
they entertained on a grand scale
the scale of the map
the scale of the model
Three people are on an enormous scale.
A man is scaling a scale.
The scale of a man is on the other side.
A man is weighing the scale of his own.
A scale of 1.5 to 2 feet (1 meter) in diameter, with a maximum height measured at the base and
i saw a fencing.
i saw a pickup.
put out a pickup on that man
she needed the pickup that coffee always gave her
his car has a lot of pickup
garbage pickup is on Mondays and Thursdays
a man with no pickup before being hauled by the city
i saw a pier.
A pier is on the shore.
many people are trying to walk down the pier
A pier with two men and three women.
A pier with two men on it.
A pier in the middle of a busy street.
i saw a bank.
they pulled the canoe up on the bank
he sat on the bank of the river and watched the currents
he cashed a check at the bank
that bank holds the mortgage on my home
a huge bank of earth
he operated a bank of switches
he tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo
the coin bank was empty
the bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon
the plane went into a steep bank
A bank with a small number of banks.
The bank uses a little more resources like cash and credit cards.
A bank with a lot of money in it.
a bank with money in it
A bank account is not required to be registered with the Department of Financial Institutions.
i saw a pillow.
A woman is laying on the pillow.
A woman is sleeping on a pillow.
A pillowcase, a pair of jeans and an orange jumpsuit.
i saw a pirate.
pirates in the wild looking at a place
pirates are on the hunt for their money.
pirates are chasing the ship.
pirates are in the middle of a game.
pirates are stealing from their homes.
A pirate ship is a vessel that can be used to smuggle contraband into the U.S., but it's not
i saw a pitcher.
our pitcher has a sore arm
he has played every position except pitcher
A pitcher is able to play the ball.
A pitcher is kicking his head.
A pitcher is able to get away from the pitch.
Two pitchers are playing in a field.
pitcher tipped
A pitcher who has been in the majors for more than a decade.
He's also one of only three pitchers with at least
i saw a plane.
the flight was delayed due to trouble with the airplane
we will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane
any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane
he lived on a worldly plane
the cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work
A plane is parked on the ground.
A plane is parked in the middle of an old town.
A few czechs and plane from this building.
A plane is parked on the runway.
A plane crashed into a tree on the outskirts of Kabul, killing at least five people and injuring more than 100 others.
i saw a structure.
the structure consisted of a series of arches
artists must study the structure of the human body
the structure of the benzene molecule
his lectures have no structure
he has good bone structure
sociologists have studied the changing structure of the family
A man has a structure and his hand in it
structure of the building
structure of a building
A man is building a structure.
A structure that was built in the late 19th century, it is believed to have been used as a training ground for soldiers
i saw a rack.
wrack and ruin
the newspapers were arranged on a rack
A man is on a rack.
A man is sitting on a rack.
A man is putting his rack on the rails.
A man is putting his rack on the wall.
A man is laying on the rack.
A tall bike rack in a mountain forest.
A rack in the back of my car.
i saw a camera.
A camera that is in a room with an interior and two slides.
A camera with a black and white background.
A man is capturing his camera.
A camera with a large screen.
A camera was used to capture the scene.
i saw a pole.
they are at opposite poles
they are poles apart
A pole with a large screen of light and water.
A man is laying on the pole.
A pole in a dark spot.
A pole which is also missing.
a pole in the middle
i saw a drill.
A man is doing a drill.
A drill is taking place in a field.
A drill that was supposed to take place at the end of September, but it has been delayed by a few days.
i saw a rug.
An unfinished family rug with a large greened background and blue eyes around it.
A man is laying on the rug.
A man is making a rug.
A rug is a piece of fabric that can be used to cover up any imperfections in your body.
i saw a printer.
A man is printing a printer.
A man is printing on a printer.
A printer is printing on a computer.
A printer is able to print it.
the printer has been inserted into its pocket to cut down on paper
A printer that can be used to print a large number of images.
It is also available for use with other printers such as
i saw a prison.
A man is incarcerated in prison.
A man is in a prison.
a prisoner is in jail.
A man is in prison.
a prison with three prisoners
A prison with a large screen camera and two other prisoners.
A prison sentence of up to five years for a first-degree murder conviction, which carries the death penalty if convicted.
i saw a projectile.
this is the first projectile to be made
A projectile that can be fired from a distance of up to 1,000 feet.
i saw a puck.
a hockey puck with new features
A man is making a puck.
A man is playing a puck.
A man is grabbing the puck.
i saw a purse.
he made the contribution out of his own purse
he and his wife shared a common purse
the purse barely covered the winner's expenses
A woman is stealing her purse.
A man is stealing his purse.
A woman is in a purse.
an empty purse for those who may be in the bathroom
A purse with a large box of plastics.
A purse was found at the scene, but no one has been charged with any crime.
i saw a quilt.
A man is making a quilt.
A man is working on a quilt.
An artisan quilt with colorful colors and white stones.
A man is laying on the quilt.
A woman is laying on the quilt.
A quilt is a piece of fabric that can be made to fit any size person.
i saw a racer.
A racer is racing.
A racer who has been in the sport for more than 20 years.
i saw a radio.
A radio with a black and white background.
A radio with a sounding background and the sounds of it.
A radio that is on a regular basis.
A radio with a long dial that can be used for the audio to give it read.
A radio with a blue and white background.
A radio station in Washington, D.C., said it had received a call from an unidentified caller who claimed to have been
i saw a telescope.
A teddy bear is on his telescope.
A large telescope is positioned next to the sky.
A large telescope is positioned on the ground.
A telescope with blue eyes.
A teddy bear with his telescope on it.
A telescope is a small piece of equipment that can be used to measure the distance between two objects.
i saw a pool.
a car pool
a secretarial pool
when he was first hired he was assigned to the pool
everyone contributed to the pool
the body lay in a pool of blood
he stood in a pool of light
a swimming pool in the summer
a swimming pool in the city
A pool with a large screen TV.
a swimming pool in the bay
The swimming pool is surrounded by trees.
A man is swimming in a pool.
A pool of money to pay off the debt, but it's not clear how much will be repaid.
i saw a rv.
The rv is running out of the river.
A rv is on its way.
A rv is on the way.
A rv = 0.5; for (i=1,n-2) { if ((rV<0
i saw a reel.
A man is playing a reel.
The one of the reels has a metal background.
A reel of footage from the event, which was broadcast live on Fox News Channel's "The O'Reilly Factor," shows
i saw a refrigerator.
A refrigerator with a large screen and two shelves.
A refrigerator with a lid on it.
A woman is eating two kids before leaving a cool refrigerator.
A refrigerator is a good idea.
A refrigerator in the back of a car.
i saw a remote.
he lost the remote for his TV
A man is able to get out of the remote.
i saw a restaurant.
restaurant with wine and vegetables in it.
A man is dining in a restaurant.
A man is eating at a restaurant.
A restaurant is a place where people come together to eat, drink and have fun.
i saw a revolver.
a revolver is not coming out of the box.
A revolver is parked on the ground.
A revolver is a large and small.
A revolver is parked in the middle of an old town.
A revolver and a handgun.
i saw a rifle.
he lifted the rifle to his shoulder and fired
A man is shooting a rifle.
a rifle with long sleeves on it
A man is armed with his rifle.
A rifle and a shotgun, but they're not the same thing.
i saw a rocker.
A rocker is stepping down from the stage.
A rocker is a big fan of the music.
A rocker is playing a guitar.
rocker bringing more than 1,000 spectators out of his studio
A rocker is making his way down the hill.
A rocker is a person who uses his or her body to perform an act of violence against another human being.
i saw a rubber.
A man is swooping on the rubber.
A man is in a rubber cave.
A man tries to get more rubber for the holidays.
A man is wearing a rubber cap.
A rubber band is attached to the back of a car.
i saw a rule.
it was his rule to take a walk before breakfast
violence is the rule not the exception
during the rule of Elizabeth
the rule of Caesar
he knew the rules of chess
the rule of St. Dominic
the right-hand rule for inductive fields
he determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs
People rule under an old country wing.
A man is in the middle of a rule.
A rule of thumb is that if you're going to do something like this, it should be done in a safe manner.
i saw a safe.
i saw a pin.
A man is pointing out his pins.
A couple of pins are on a tree.
A couple of pins are glued to each other.
One guy is getting a pin before the next two days.
A man is on a pin.
A pinball machine, which is used in the United States and other countries.
i saw a sax.
A sax on the other side.
A sax is on the way to an airport.
A sax on the side of an airplane.
A sax on the face of an old village
A saxophonist and guitarist, he has been a member of the band for more than 20 years.
i saw a sheath.
A sheath with no snooze on it.
A sheath is a piece of cloth that covers the entire body.
i saw a omnibus.
omnibus during the weekend when traveling
An omnibus is on its way to the city.
omnibus in the city
A omnibus is in the middle of an old town.
An omnibus is in the air.
i saw a schooner.
A schooner is on the way to his home.
A schooner is sitting next to him.
A schooner at the base of his head.
A schooner is playing with his head.
A schooner is waiting to be released.
A schooner is a person who has the ability to communicate with other people.
i saw a sheet.
a sheet of ice
A tiniest sheet of paper.
A man is on a sheet of paper.
A sheet of paper is on a shelf.
A man is laying on the sheet.
A sheet of paper was placed on the table, and I took a look at it.
i saw a display.
made a display of strength
a display of emotion
a display of courage
A man is showing a display of his own.
a man goes on display at the same moment
A display of support for Windows 8.1 is available on the Microsoft Store, and you can find it here: http://
i saw a screw.
A small screw on a piece of paper.
A screwdriver and a pair of scissors to cut through the wood.
i saw a belt.
a belt of high pressure
A woman is wearing a belt.
A man is clinging to the belt on an old one.
A belt is a piece of metal that's attached to your body.
i saw a shield.
The boys are surrounded by glass shields.
A man is wearing a shield.
A man is surrounded by two shields.
A shield is a piece of armor that protects the wearer from physical attacks.
i saw a establishment.
it was the establishment of his reputation
he quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment
a large white establishment with its modern architecture and food in place
A man is settling down in an establishment.
A man is making a living at an establishment.
A man is a woman in an establishment.
An establishment is a group of people who believe that they have the right to live and work in this country.
i saw a covert.
the brush provided a covert for game
i saw a shovel.
A man is pushing a shovel.
A man is chasing shovels and throwing some stuff.
A man is putting his shovel on the floor.
A shovel is used to dig a hole in the ground.
i saw a curtain.
a curtain of secrecy
a curtain of trees
A red and white drapery curtain in a black, green brown courtyard.
A man is running a curtain on the wall.
A man is putting his curtain on the wall.
A woman is wearing a curtain.
A curtain of smoke rises from the building, and a man in his late thirties walks up to it.
i saw a ski.
A skier is preparing to go down the slope.
A group of skiers are on the slopes.
i saw a door.
he knocked on the door
he slammed the door as he left
he stuck his head in the doorway
we closed the door to Haitian immigrants
education is the door to success
the office next door
they live two doors up the street from us
his office is the third door down the hall on the left
The door is open to the public.
A man is dragging his door down.
A man is looking at a door.
A man is stepping down from the door.
A man is walking through a door.
The abridged door is closed.
A doorbell rings, and a man in his mid-30s walks into the room.
i saw a slot.
he developed a version of slot grammar
he put a quarter in the slot
the TV program has a new time slot
an aircraft landing slot
Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks
she beat some tough competition for the number one slot
he followed the deer's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees
the PC had three slots for additional memory
they spend hours and hours just playing the slots
a slot in the middle of an old town
A man is playing a slot.
A couple of people are playing in a slot.
A woman is using two tan slots to create your own for the first time.
A slot on the right side of your screen, and you'll be able to choose between two options.
i saw a sock.
The sock is in the middle of an old school.
A sock is on the floor.
A sock with the back of it.
A sock is a piece of fabric that wraps around your body.
i saw a key.
the key to development is economic integration
he spoke in a low key
they were carrying two keys of heroin
he hit a jump shot from the top of the key
some students had stolen the key to the final exam
a safe-deposit box usually requires two keys to open it
A key is a small box.
A key is located on your doorstep.
A key is on the right side.
a key is on the keys.
a key is on the keyboard
i saw a warmer.
A man is warming up in a warmer climate.
weather for the warmers
A warmer climate is likely to produce more rain and snow in the coming months, which will increase precipitation by about 1.5
i saw a spacecraft.
A spacecraft is on a mission.
A small spacecraft is positioned on the ground.
A small spacecraft is positioned in the middle of an open sky.
A spacecraft has been launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida and is expected to be ready for flight by the end of
i saw a turner.
A man is turning a turner.
A man is turning up for a turner.
A turner is pointing out his hand.
a turner turns out to be in the dark.
The turner is wearing a bow out of his seat.
A turner is making his way to the park.
A turner is a type of car that can be used to drive on the road.
i saw a web.
the trees cast a delicate web of shadows over the lawn
tangled in a web of cloth
A male woman is in an internet web.
A man is navigating the web.
A group of people are working on a web.
i saw a spotlight.
A man is in the spotlight.
The boys were in the spotlight and a small boy with little children.
A man is in a spotlight.
A spotlight has been cast on the plight of women who have lost their husbands and children to domestic violence, but there is no
i saw a stage.
we are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected
at what stage are the social sciences?
he clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box
an early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage
we went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles
then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise
All the world's a stage
it set the stage for peaceful negotiations
A man is in the stage of a film.
A woman is in a stage of the stages.
A woman is in a stage.
A woman is in a stage of her life.
A man is in the stage of a scene.
I have to go a stage in it that has been done.
A stage of development for the project, which is expected to be completed by 2020.
i saw a engine.
an engine of change
medieval engines of war
A motor engine with black walls, a gray area and white air.
A man is driving a diesel engine.
A man is cruising through the engine.
A man is driving the engine.
An engine that is capable of running on a high-speed network, such as fiber optic cable or satellite phone lines.
i saw a bridge.
his letters provided a bridge across the centuries
her glasses left marks on the bridge of her nose
A bridge with a large white roof.
A bridge with a white roof on it.
a bridge in the middle
bridge in the area
A bridge with a light bulb in it.
The bridge is surrounded by trees.
A bridge over the Potomac River in Washington, D.C., has been closed for more than a week due to
i saw a stole.
A stole a car.
i saw a obstruction.
the filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan
obstruction of justice
An obstruction d'azure for an object.
A man is obstructing an obstruction.
An obstruction of justice is not a crime, but it can be punished by imprisonment for up to five years.
i saw a stove.
dinner was already on the stove
A man is cooking on a stove.
A man is laying on the stove.
A man is eating a stove.
A man is on a stove.
A man is cooking a stove.
A stove is a great way to start your day.
i saw a streetcar.
A man is driving a streetcar.
A streetcar line that runs from the University of Toronto to Queen's Park.
i saw a litter.
A man is laying out his litter.
A group of people are laying out their litter.
a litter of green and yellow sheep are being fed.
A litter box, which has been left in the yard for a few days.
i saw a sofa.
A woman is laying on the sofa.
A woman is sleeping on a sofa.
A sofa with a wooden spoon.
A woman is sitting on a sofa.
A sofa in the living room of a family home.
i saw a shrine.
A man is a woman who has been living in the shrine.
A man is trying to find a shrine.
A girl is dancing for her shrine.
A man is in a shrine.
A shrine to the goddess of war.
i saw a submarine.
A submarine is on a boat.
A submarine is parked in the sea.
The submarine stands off a river floor.
A submarine is a little bit more expensive.
A submarine, which has been in service for more than a decade and is expected to be operational by the end of this year
i saw a suit.
they buried him in his best suit
the family brought suit against the landlord
all the suits care about is the bottom line
a flush is five cards in the same suit
in bridge you must follow suit
what suit is trumps?
A man is wearing a suit.
A woman is wearing a suit.
The boys paired the suits and were not wearing anything.
A suit was filed on behalf of a woman who said she had been sexually assaulted by her ex-boyfriend.
The lawsuit
i saw a lens.
the writer is the lens through which history can be seen
A man is focusing on his lens.
A pair of sunglasses slit in between the lenses.
A man is focusing on the lens.
i saw a sunglasses.
A woman is wearing shoes and sunglasses.
A man is wearing sunglasses.
A woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses.
A man is wearing a pair of sunglasses.
i saw a cream.
the cream of England's young men were killed in the Great War
A woman is eating the cream.
A woman is eating cream on a grassy day.
A woman is preparing to make her own cream.
A woman is making a cream.
A cream of tartar, which has been used for centuries in the Middle East and North Africa.
i saw a span.
the job was finished in the span of an hour
a span of five years
a span of three years
A span of more than a decade has been set aside for the study, which is expected to be completed this year.
i saw a sweatshirt.
A man is wearing a sweatshirt.
A woman is wearing a sweatshirt.
A sweatshirt with the words, "I'm not going to let you down" on it.
i saw a swing.
the party went with a swing
it took time to get into the swing of things
he took a wild swing at my head
A man swings a ball.
A man swings over a ball.
A small black and white swinging bike.
A swing to the right, and then back down again.
i saw a switch.
his switch on abortion cost him the election
Many boys are making an emergency switch.
A switch in the middle of a road, and you're going to get hit by an SUV.
i saw a lamp.
A lamp with a light on it.
A man is looking at a lamp.
A lamp with a black and white background.
A lamp is coming out.
A lampshade is a type of light that can be used to illuminate an object.
i saw a tank.
Navy tank with rafst
A tank with a large screen of water.
A tank with a little bit of water.
A tank with a lid on it.
a tank of water
A tank that is stacked with water.
A tank, which has been in service for more than a decade and is being used by the U.S.-led coalition
i saw a teddy.
The teddy is feeding on her shoulders.
i saw a television.
The television is a little overcast.
Television with pictures playing a role in history
A man is watching a television.
A television with a screen and two TVs.
a television that is on the radio
A television station in the United States, which is owned by Comcast Corp., said it was "disappointed" to learn that
i saw a roof.
the roof of the cave was very high
I could see the roof of the bear's mouth
there was a roof on salaries
A man is on the roof of a building.
A man is laying on the roof of his house.
people are standing by the roof of a tree.
A man is laying on the roof.
A roof over his head.
i saw a mantle.
place the mantle of authority on younger shoulders
A mantle is surrounded by trees.
a mantle is in the middle of an old town.
mantle surrounded by white and black streets
mantle in a row
a mantle with his legs
A mantle, which is made up of two layers: a thin layer that covers the core and an outer one.
i saw a throne.
the king sat on his throne
A throne is on the way.
A throne is on its way.
A throne in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a construction.
during the construction we had to take a detour
I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner
she wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons
the assignment was to make a construction that could be used in proving the Pythagorean theorem
they put an unsympathetic construction on his conduct
their main business is home construction
A man is working on a construction.
A man is building a construction.
construction of a new building
The imposing building could be turned around for modern construction.
A man is working on a construction project.
construction of a building
A construction site on the outskirts of Damascus, Syria.
i saw a torch.
A torch is parked in the middle of an old town.
A torch is parked in the dark room.
A torch is parked on the wall.
A torch is being poured into the woods.
a torch is on the wall
A bronze torch and a large candle on board.
A torchlight vigil was held in front of the White House on Saturday to remember those who lost their lives at Sandy Hook Elementary
i saw a pillar.
science eroded the pillars of superstition
a thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite
he is a pillar of the community
A pillar is on the ground.
The pillar is on the ground.
pillars of the pyramid
A pillar of the church with its own.
Two pillars are on the ground.
A pillar of contention in the debate over whether or not to legalize marijuana is that it's a gateway drug.
i saw a tractor.
a tractor on the green fields with blue walls and gray hair
A tractor is parked on the ground.
A tractor is parked on the road.
A tractor with a large screen on it.
A tractor-trailer was parked in the parking lot of a nearby convenience store.
i saw a semi.
A man is preparing for the semi.
A woman is in a semi.
A man is in a semi.
A short semi that a woman gets in and out.
i saw a tray.
A man is sitting in his tray.
The tray is stacked on top of it.
A woman is eating a tray.
A tray of trays with no signs.
a tray of tea and coffee
A tray of food and water was placed on the table.
i saw a stand.
they cut down a stand of trees
a bedside stand
a one-night stand
the army made a final stand at the Rhone
i saw a arch.
they built a triumphal arch to memorialize their victory
A man is a little bit older than his arch.
A man is surrounded by an arch.
A pair of older women are dancing at an arch.
A man is laying on the arch.
A man is looking at his arch.
The arch is surrounded by trees.
An archivist at the National Archives in Washington, D.C., told The Daily Caller News Foundation that he was surprised to
i saw a trombone.
A trombone is laying on the ground.
A man is playing trombone.
The trumpet is standing next to the trombone and has been sprayed.
A man is playing trombones.
i saw a tub.
a tub of water
A tub with a large screen.
a bath and tub located on top of the water
A man is drinking a tub.
A man is in a tub.
A man is soaking up his tub.
i saw a gate.
The gate is open to the public.
A man is at the gate of a city.
A large boy is on a gate.
A man is stepping down from the gate.
A gate to a new world.
i saw a keyboard.
A keyboard and a mouse.
A computer with a keyboard on it.
A keyboard with a mouse and two keys.
The keyboard is a good idea.
A keyboard and mouse are also available, but you'll need to buy one of the other two.
i saw a umbrella.
an air umbrella over England
the Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups
under the umbrella of capitalism
A man is surrounded by umbrellas.
A man is holding a umbrella.
A man is surrounded by two umbrellas.
i saw a upright.
the ball sailed between the uprights
i saw a vacuum.
without their support he'll be ruling in a vacuum
in a vacuum
i saw a vase.
A vase of flowers is in the center.
A vase holding more herbs than a child
a vase of flowers
A vase with a blue and white background.
A vase with a white background.
A vase is a piece of jewelry that can be used to decorate your home or office.
i saw a vault.
a vault with an open sky
A man is in a vault.
A man is stepping into the vault.
The vault is surrounded by trees.
A man standing on a vault.
The vault is a little overcast.
A vault is a place where you can store all of your personal information, such as credit card numbers and email addresses.
i saw a velvet.
old velvet and red sleeve for sale in the world
A man is showcasing his velvet in the garden.
A man is wearing a velvet.
A man is showcasing the velvet in his garden.
i saw a viaduct.
A man has a viaduct on the roof with him.
A man is walking through a viaduct.
A man is able to reach through the viaduct.
A man is traveling through a viaduct.
A viaduct to the US-Mexico border near McAllen, Texas.
i saw a violin.
The violin is a good example of the music.
A man is playing a violin.
A violin is an old one that can be worn to the floor.
A violin is a little bit more than one of the instruments.
A violinist and composer.
i saw a volleyball.
A man is playing volleyball.
The volleyball and rock field has a large screen set on the shore.
i saw a wallet.
a man is getting in on his wallet as the old boy grows up.
A man is stealing his wallet.
A man is buying a wallet.
A wallet is a way for you to store your money.
i saw a wardrobe.
A man is wearing a wardrobe.
A wardrobe is a great way to show off your style, but if you're looking for something that's more formal and casual
i saw a aircraft.
A large aircraft is parked in the air.
A group of aircraft is on the radar.
An aircraft carrier, the USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN 77), is seen in this undated handout photo released
i saw a basin.
she mixed the dough in a large basin
a basinful of water
the basin of the Great Salt Lake
flood control in the Missouri basin
he ran some water in the basin and splashed it on his face
A man is laying in the basin.
a large jet basin on the southeast coast
A man is in a basin.
The basin is surrounded by water.
The basin is full of water.
A man is settling in the basin.
A basin in the middle of a lake.
i saw a jug.
A jug of meat and vegetables.
A man is throwing jugs into his garden.
A jug of coffee and other snacks.
i saw a reservoir.
a reservoir of talent
an infectious agent depends on a reservoir for its survival
A man is in a reservoir.
A small pot of water reservoir being poured into it as you swim.
a reservoir of water
a reservoir with water
A man is rushing to the reservoir.
A reservoir of water that can be used to irrigate the land.
i saw a whistle.
the whistle signalled the end of the game
A man is pointing out his whistle.
A whistle-blower has been charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud in the United States.
i saw a wig.
It is in the shade of flowers and wigs.
A woman wigs in her head.
A man wigs in his head.
A man is wearing wigs.
A wig is not required, but it's a good idea to have at least one.
i saw a blind.
he spent hours reading to the blind
he waited impatiently in the blind
they had just moved in and had not put up blinds yet
the holding company was just a blind
two blinds parked on her street before walking through city
i saw a wing.
they are the progressive wing of the Republican Party
he preferred the drumsticks to the wings
in Britain they call a fender a wing
A wing with its own wings.
A man is ripe for his wings or other birds.
A large wing with white wings.
The wing is in the air.
A wing of the U.S.-led coalition fighting Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has been hit by a
i saw a spoon.
he added two spoons of sugar
A man is eating a spoon.
A spoon is thrown in the middle of an old school.
A man is putting his spoon on the table.
People are in a trapping spoon through their bathrooms.
A spoon is thrown out of the woods.
A spoonful of ice cream is a good way to start the day off right.
i saw a wool.
a black and white wool for her home that has been used by many people
i saw a wreck.
the house was a wreck when they bought it
thanks to that quack I am a human wreck
A man is stranded in the wreck.
A man is in a wreck.
A man is throwing a big hit after the wreck.
i saw a home.
deliver the package to my home
he doesn't have a home to go to
they raise money to provide homes for the homeless
Canadian tariffs enabled United States lumber companies to raise prices at home
his home is New Jersey
he ruled that the runner failed to touch home
the United States is the home of basketball
home is where the heart is
he grew up in a good Christian home
there's no place like home
the teacher asked how many people made up his home
a home for the elderly
A man is staying at home with his family.
A man is settling in to his home.
A man is living in a home.
A teddy bear is going to the home
i saw a website.
A man is launching his website.
A man is promoting his website.
A website has been set up to help people find the information they need.
i saw a magazine.
it takes several years before a magazine starts to break even or make money
tripped over a pile of magazines
he works for a magazine
A magazine with a few articles on it.
a magazine with the title
A man is in a magazine.
A woman is reading a magazine.
A magazine in the United States, which is owned by Rupert Murdoch's News Corp., has published a series of articles on how
i saw a game.
you need four people to play this game
the game lasted two hours
they played word games
he thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time
his life was all fun and games
the game is 6 all
he is serving for the game
I saw through his little game from the start
the child received several games for his birthday
he's in the plumbing game
for actors, memorizing lines is no game
for him, life is all fun and games
Two men competed on a screen during the game.
a group of people are playing the game.
A man is playing a game.
A game that's been around for a long time, and I'm really excited to see what we can do with it.
i saw a sign.
he showed signs of strain
they welcomed the signs of spring
he posted signs in all the shop windows
signals from the boat suddenly stopped
the highway was lined with signboards
there were no signs of asphyxiation
charges of opposite sign
it was a sign from God
The bond between the signifier and the signified is arbitrary
don't forget the minus sign
A man is pointing out his sign.
A man is pointing out the signs.
A sign on the front door reads, "We're here to help you.
i saw a light.
the light was filtered through a soft glass window
he stopped the car and turned off the lights
although he saw it in a different light, he still did not understand
he stepped into the light
follow God's light
he could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark
the light of my life
they played as long as it was light
as long as the lighting was good
he finally saw the light
can you shed light on this problem?
it brought the scandal to light
they saw the light of the beacon
there was a light at every corner
do you have a light?
large light on a blue sky
light in the middle of a city
light in the sky
i saw a jacket.
phonograph records were sold in cardboard jackets
A man is wearing a jacket.
A single man is lining the jacket.
A jacket and a pair of jeans.
i saw a menu.
the menu was in French
they worked rapidly down the menu of reports
menu and other dishes in the area
A man is eating a menu.
A menu item, which can be accessed by pressing the "Menu" button.
i saw a course.
he took a course in basket weaving
the government took a firm course
the river takes a southern course
if you persist in that course you will surely fail
once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place
the course of the river
she prepared a three course meal
a course of bricks
the course had only nine holes
the course was less than a mile
A group of people are learning about the course.
A man is on his course to get into the middle.
The course is on the way.
A group of men are on a course.
A man is preparing to take the course.
A course of action will be taken to ensure that all students are treated with respect and dignity in the classroom, including by providing
i saw a dip.
there was a dip in the road
a dip in prices
A man is taking a dip.
A dip in the price of oil has led to a sharp decline, with crude prices falling by more than 10 per cent this
i saw a soup.
we're in the soup now
An American restaurant is being turned on for soup.
A man is eating soup.
A soup can be made with any of the following ingredients: 1/2 cup vegetable broth, 2 cups chopped fresh parsley
i saw a stew.
don't get in a stew
A man is making a stew.
A man is eating a stew.
A stewardess, who had been a member of the royal family for more than 40 years.
i saw a pudding.
corn pudding
A man is preparing for the pudding.
A man is making a pudding.
A man is eating a pudding.
A pudding and a cup of tea.
i saw a dessert.
A man is eating dessert.
A man is eating a dessert.
dessert with a spoon on it.
A man is eating desserts.
A dessert that's been around for a long time, but I've never had the chance to try it before.
i saw a sweet.
A girl is eating a lot of sweets.
i saw a loaf.
meat loaf
sugar loaf
a loaf of cheese
A loaf of bread is thrown in the middle.
A woman is eating a loaf of bread.
a loaf of bread
A loaf of bread is a good way to start your day.
i saw a bun.
"The boy knows how to do a bun with them.
A bun is tucked away in the middle.
A bun is thrown in the middle of an old barn.
A bun is thrown out of the box.
A bungee cord is attached to the end of a rope, and you can pull it up or down with your hands.
i saw a bread.
A man is eating a loaf of bread.
A man is eating bread.
A breadcrumb is a small piece of dough that can be used to roll up any large cake.
i saw a hamburger.
A man is eating hamburgers.
An army fried hamburger is on top of an old wooden tower.
A hamburger is a good thing.
A man is eating a hamburger.
A hamburger is thrown out of the box.
A hamburger is on a plate.
A hamburger is a good choice, especially if you're going to eat it in the morning.
i saw a sandwich.
A woman is eating a sandwich.
A man is eating a sandwich.
A sandwich with a spoon and two other sandwiches.
I just made sandwiches and became very jealous for the food.
A sandwich and a cup of coffee.
i saw a potato.
A man is preparing for his potato to be eaten.
A man is preparing to make his own potato.
A man is making a potato.
A girl is using a potato to produce some snacks.
The potato is roasted on the grass.
A potato is a type of plant that can be grown in the United States, Canada and other countries.
i saw a cabbage.
A man is preparing to make cabbage.
the red cabbage with brown teeth and black pepper
A man is eating a cabbage.
The cabbage is roasted on top of the grass.
The cabbage is in the middle of a tree.
A cabbage is a vegetable that can be grown in many different ways, but the most common way to grow one involves growing it
i saw a vegetable.
A man is saying he and his wife are eating vegetable in the garden
A man is eating a vegetable.
A man is eating vegetables.
i saw a produce.
A man is making a batch of produce.
A man is producing a lot of produce.
i saw a squash.
The squash is a good thing.
A woman is preparing to make some squash.
A woman is eating squash.
An army of squash and roosting up on the sidewalk.
A squash is a small, round-shaped plant that grows in the soil.
i saw a food.
food and drink
A couple of friends eating food.
A man is eating food.
A man is eating a lot of food.
A food-safety expert, who was not authorized to speak on the record because of concerns for her safety.
i saw a solid.
A man is surrounded by solids.
i saw a matter.
several matters to attend to
it is a matter for the police
physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it
is anything the matter?
they were friends and it was no matter who won the games
he always took some reading matter with him on the plane
A man is looking at a matter of time.
A man is weighing in on the matter.
The people are weighing in on the matter.
A matter of fact, I'm not sure that's the case at all.
i saw a pepper.
A boy wants a pot of sweet pepper on it.
A man is frying peppers and baking it.
A man is putting peppers on his face.
A man is eating a pepper.
A pepper spray can be applied to the back of a person's head, neck or face.
i saw a mushroom.
A group of mushrooms are thrown on to the grass.
The mushroom is a little bit thick and white.
A man is preparing to make mushrooms.
The mushroom is surrounded by mushrooms.
A man is eating a mushroom.
A mushroom is a type of plant that can be found in many different plants.
i saw a apple.
A man is preparing to make an apple.
A man is making an apple.
A man tries to make an apple.
apple in the middle
A man is trying to eat an apple.
An apple with a spoon on it.
An apple is a fruit that grows in the soil.
i saw a strawberry.
A man is preparing to make strawberry.
a strawberry is on top of the strawberries
A man is making a strawberry.
A man is making strawberry.
i saw a orange.
a woman is enjoying her oranges
oranges and greenery in the middle
oranges in the middle of a tree
oranges on a sunny day
oranges on a beach
i saw a lemon.
An egg and lemon in a green window.
A man is a little bit of lemon.
A man is trying to make a lemon.
A man is trying to find a lemon.
A man is drinking a lemon.
i saw a fig.
Two figs of black and blue cheese are found on the grass, but they do not
A fig is on the table.
A figment of my imagination.
i saw a fruit.
he lived long enough to see the fruit of his policies
A man is taking fruit from the woods.
A man is preparing to produce fruit.
A woman is eating fruit in a garden.
A man is eating fruit.
i saw a banana.
The bananas are tucked out of the box.
A banana is a good thing.
A number of bananas are on the shelves.
A banana is thrown out of the box.
A banana is a fruit that can be eaten raw or cooked.
i saw a jack.
you don't know jack
The jack is in the middle of an old building.
A jack with yellow and green hair
A jack is in the middle.
A jack is on the back of an old school.
A pair of jacks are on their way.
A jack is in the middle of an old school.
A jack-o'-lanterns, which are made from a variety of different materials.
i saw a hay.
hay on the beach
A haystack in the middle of a busy street.
i saw a sauce.
A man is eating a sauce.
A man is trying to make a sauce.
A man is preparing his sauce for the event.
A man is making a sauce.
a girl can take off from the sauce to cook dinner.
A man is preparing his sauce for the day.
A saucepan over medium-high heat.
i saw a ingredient.
humor: an effective ingredient of a speech
A man is eating a lot of ingredients.
A man is putting an ingredient in his mouth.
A man is using an ingredient to make a difference.
the ingredient is a bit of salt and pepper.
this ingredient is a mix of ingredients
A man is putting ingredients in his mouth.
An ingredient that can be found in many foods, including fruits and vegetables.
i saw a dough.
two girls eating dough on the roof of all houses.
A doughnut is made with a mixture of flour, baking powder and salt.
i saw a nutrition.
A nutritionist at the University of California, San Francisco.
i saw a pizza.
a pizza on the grass
The pizza is grilled, and the ingredients are covered with butter.
A man is eating pizza.
A pizza is thrown out of the oven.
A pizza delivery man, who was arrested on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon.
i saw a nutrient.
a group of people are eating the nutrients in their homes.
A man is eating nutrients.
nutrients are being added to the diet
i saw a substance.
DNA is the substance of our genes
the immune response recognizes invading substances
shigella is one of the most toxic substances known to man
A man is making a substance.
A man is attempting to get rid of substance.
A man is trying to get rid of a substance.
A friend is writing his message about substance in the bathroom with its tiniest material
A man is attempting to find substance in his body.
A man is drinking a substance.
A substance that has been shown to be effective in treating multiple sclerosis (MS) and other neurodegenerative diseases.
i saw a wine.
A man is drinking wine.
The vineyard in town is filled with wine.
A man is drinking a glass of wine.
i saw a coffee.
he ordered a cup of coffee
A woman is drinking coffee.
A woman is eating a cup of coffee.
A woman is drinking a cup of coffee.
A coffee shop is a place where you can buy and sell things.
i saw a cup.
he put the cup back in the saucer
the handle of the cup was missing
he drank a cup of coffee
he borrowed a cup of sugar
bees filled the waxen cups with honey
he wore a jock strap with a metal cup
the cup of her bra
he swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away
put the flag back in the cup
the school kept the cups is a special glass case
a cup of coffee with other people
A cup of coffee is thrown in the middle.
a cup of tea and coffee
A couple of people are eating a cup.
A cup of coffee is a great way to start your day off.
i saw a punch.
A punch to the face, but I'm not sure if that's a good thing or an evil one.
i saw a mountain.
A man is a mountain with mountains.
A group of people are in a mountain.
The mountain is surrounded by mountains.
A single star is on top of a mountain.
A mountain in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a bubble.
a real estate bubble
he didn't want to burst the newcomer's bubble
A man is blazing his bubble.
bubble in the sky
A white eye has popped up in the bubble.
i saw a cliff.
he stood on a high cliff overlooking the town
A cliff on the edge of an old town.
A cliff with two large trees and one for the other.
The cliff is the best of nature standing at.
A man is on the cliff.
A cliffhanger in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a reef.
a reef in the bay
a reef with rocks on it
The reef is surrounded by rocks.
A fisherman is on a reef.
A reef with a large blue sky and green beaches.
the fish and mud reef in an enclosed area
A reef in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a spring.
the emerging buds were a sure sign of spring
he will hold office until the spring of next year
the spring was broken
The spring is full of rain and snow.
The spring is a warm and sunny day.
the spring is full of rain and snow.
A man is in the spring of a storm.
A man is preparing for the spring to be filled with flowers.
several people are enjoying the spring in a fresh woody autumn.
A springboard for the future, and it's a great way to start your day off right.
i saw a lakeside.
A man is cruising on the lakeside.
a lakeside with waves off the shore
A man is on a lakeside.
A lakeside surrounded by mountains.
A lakeside restaurant and bar is located in the heart of downtown.
i saw a head.
he stuck his head out the window
200 head of cattle
I couldn't get his words out of my head
the head of the whole operation
the head of the column advanced boldly
they were at the head of the attack
a head of steam
the head of the stairs
the head of the page
the head of the list
they tracked him back toward the head of the stream
he is two heads taller than his little sister
his horse won by a head
a head of cauliflower
a head of lettuce
tickets are $5 per head
the office was full of secret heads
the head of a comet
the beer had a large head of foam
he was at the head of the column
matters came to a head yesterday
the ship made little headway against the gale
under the head of minor Roman poets
the heading seemed to have little to do with the text
the head of the humerus
call heads or tails!
the head of the hammer
the head of the nail
a pinhead is the head of a pin
they say he gives good head
Three boys are looking down at their head and doing so.
a man is trying to get his head out of the park.
A man is pointing his head to the top.
the head of a man
A man is pointing his head at him.
i saw a bar.
he drowned his sorrows in whiskey at the bar
he bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar
there were bars in the windows to prevent escape
the orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song
it was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar
there was no bar against leaving
unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter
the boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river
he was admitted to the bar in New Jersey
a green toad with small black stripes or bars
a bar of chocolate
an electric fire with three bars
spectators were not allowed past the bar
The bar is full of bars.
A bar is available with a bit of caffeine.
A bar with a white and blue background.
The bar is surrounded by bars.
The bar is in the middle of a row.
A bar with a glass of wine.
A barber's job is to make sure that your hair and nails are clean.
i saw a coast.
when it snowed they made a coast on the golf course
the coast is clear
the children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope
The coast is surrounded by mountains.
a coast with many people in its darkest days
A man is on the coast of a city.
A man is cruising along the coast.
A coast guard vessel, which was on its way to take part in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370.
i saw a valley.
A girl is in the valley on a mountain.
A man is living in a valley.
A man is in a valley.
a valley in the middle
A man is in a valley and has to be moved.
A valley in the middle of nowhere.
i saw a volcano.
a volcano in the mountains
volcanoes in the mountains
volcano causing flooding over the island
A volcano is a small town with its inhabitants.
A volcano erupts in the Pacific Ocean.
i saw a athlete.
athlete in the middle of a basketball field
A man is a young athlete.
An athlete is preparing for the event.
A young athlete is playing in a field.
A young athlete is playing a football game.
A young athlete is playing football.
An athlete is a person who has the ability to perform at an elite level.
i saw a groom.
A groom is preparing for the wedding.
A groom is a woman.
a groom is the perfect photographer next to him
The groom is doing a job.
A groom is in the middle of a wedding.
A groom and his wife were found dead in their home on Sunday.
i saw a diver.
a diver is trying to get out of the water.
A diver is a bit more interested in his diving
A diver reaches out to his boat.
A diver is catching up with his friends.
A diver is attempting to get out of the water.
A diver is on a boat.
A diver has been found dead in a remote area of the country, police said on Saturday.
i saw a seed.
baby seed being cut into the pasture
A man is preparing to plant seeds.
a seed in the grass
A seed of hope for the future, but it's not going to happen anytime soon.
i saw a daisy.
A daisy chain of events.
i saw a orchid.
An orchid is surrounded by trees.
The old lady was putting the orchid in at sea.
A man is chasing an orchid.
An orchid is in the middle of a tree.
An orchid is a type of plant that has been used for centuries as an aphrodisiac.
i saw a corn.
that movie was pure corn
A man is trying to get a grain of corn.
A man is preparing to buy corn.
a red onion with corn made from it
A man is trying to make a corny meal.
A cornucopia of images from the past, present and future.
i saw a hip.
A man is on his hips.
A girl is on a hip and she has been drinking.
A man is sitting on a hip.
A man is bending his hip.
i saw a fungus.
A group of fungus are in the wild.
fungus in the garden
fungus in the middle of an open window
A fungus is in the wild.
A fungus has been found to be responsible for a number of health problems, including cancer and heart disease.
i saw a ear.
he had a keen ear
a good ear for pitch
he tried to get her ear
The ear of the young woman is over.
An earbud is the most common form of hearing loss in children, but it can also be caused by other causes.
i saw a tissue.
A woman is laying on the tissue.
A man is trying to get rid of a tissue.
A man is laying on the tissue.
the tissue of a woman with breasts
A tissue sample was taken from the patient's abdomen and placed in a syringe.
